# Room, Board Up $40 A Quarter
## 
### 
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
Room and board rates for student
residences will increase $10 a quar
ter beginning next September, the
University announced today.
Major portion of the $120 academic
year increase will go to increased re
pair, renovation and maintenance ex
penses.
During the previous academic year,
the University spent more than $1,-
000,000 in carpeting, painting, redeco
rating and furnishing student resi
dence halls.
This is the first increase in room
and board rates since 1962.
The proposed increase leaves Stan
ford's combined tuition ($1,575) and
room and board ($1,140) below such
institutions as Columbia, Princeton,
New York University, Cornell, Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, Harvard, Dart
mouth, California Institute of Tech
nology, Yale, MIT, Mills and the Uni
versity of Chicago (in descending or
der).
