# HOPKINS, DARTMOUTH PRESIDENT, PROPOSES FOOTBALL REVISIONS
## 
### 
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
Ernest Martin Hopkins, president of
Dartmouth University, has just announced
plans for what he considers would be
greatly improved intercollegiate football.
He recommends limitation of players to
members of the sophomore and junior
classes. He would have each college use
two varsity teams for major sports, and
would put all coaching in the hands of
undergraduates.
Taking these plans under consideration,
the Dartmouth Athletic Council attempted
to sound opinion in intercollegiate circles.
The main object of the reform is to have
college students who incidentally play
football, rather than football players who
incidentally attend college.
Although he admitted that no one insti
tution could of itself radically transform
the existent evils of the game, President
Hopkins suggested that a start might be
made if, without formal organization, a
limited number of colleges in the East
should acccpt the general specifications.
Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Princeton, Penn
sylvania, and Brown, as well as Dart
mouth, were mentioned as possible com
ponents of the group.
