# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
At all points ot the campus Jim
'Delkin Cords $4.75. Next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
