# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
The Freshman Class jolly-up
will be held this evening at 7
o'clock in the Women's Club
house. Charles Hadenfelt's or
chestra is scheduled to play.
