# AMERICAN POPULACE POOR NEWS READERS SAYS E.M. JOHNSON
## 
### 
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
"Although the advertising end of
the modern newspaper is run on a
scientific basis, the editorial end is
still functioning blindly," Professor
E. M. Johnson, head of the department
rf journalism at the University of
Minnesota, told members of the Amer
ican Association of Teachers of Jour
nalism who met recently in Columbus,
Ohio.
"Average Americans are poor news
readers, because they have so much
money they seek ready-made enter
tainment during free hours," Profes
sor Johnson continued. "Editors are
beginning to recognize the danger of
the country if newspaper readers con
tinue to disregard the substantial
news on which sound public opinion
should be based."
In his opinion journalistic schools
should continue scientific investiga
tions of news until they can point out
the right methods to editors as accu
rately as advertising experts now can.
He advocated the inclusion of a good
deal of economics, history, and soci
ology in newspaper courses, so stu
dents can thoroughly understand the
society to which newspapers make
their appeal.
"A glance at the amusement page,
the comics, the sports page, and the
last chapter of the latest syandal is
about all the attention the evening
paper receives," Professor Johnson
concluded.
