# STUDENT FROM CHINA ADVOCATES STUDY OF MANDARIN LANGUAGE
## 
### 
"Stanford should add courses in
Chinese language and culture to the
present curriculum, following the plan
of the Oregon Agricultural College,"
declared Perry Y. Ho, president of the
Stanford Chinese Club, yesterday, in
discussing the inauguration of an ele
mentary course in Mandarin, the
classical Chinese national language,
at the Corvallis institution.
"American commercial supremacy
in China is dependent upon the under
standing of the language and psych
ology of the Chinese people, and the
business representatives of the United
States should be able to read and
write Chinese," Ho said.
"The University should offer courses
in first- and second-year Mandarin and
instruction in Chinese composition.
Such courses are now being given at
the University of California, the Uni
versity of Washington, and Oregon
Agricultural College is now offering
the elementary course in Mandarin.
"I am certain that a Chinese student
on the campus would be glad to direct
an introductory course in the Chinese
language, as is done at Oregon Agri
cultural College. It might be possible
to secure the services of Dr. Shih Hu,
now lecturing at Columbia University,
as an instructor in Chinese culture,
when he comes to Stanford this
spring," said Ho.
