# German Club President Calls Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
The German Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse, starting at 7:30 o'clock.
Henry Hartmann, president of the or
ganization. announces that plans for
the remainder of the year will be dis
cussed.
