# Warner Will Give Course In Coaching at Colorado
## 
### 
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
Coach Pop Warner will conduct a
course in coaching at the Colorado
Agricultural College for one week
starting June 13, in connection with
the regular course given by Coach
Hughes of Colorado. Hughes will con
tinue the course.
