# TONE PICTURES WILL BE MUSIC FEATURE
## 
### 
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
"Pictures from an Exhibition," by
Moussorgsky, will be the feature of
the organ recital by Warren D. Al
len, University organist, this after
noon at 4:15 o'clock ir\ the Memorial
Church.
These remarkable selections were
inspired by some pictures exhibited
by V. Hartmann, an architect friend
of the composer.
"Miniatures" by Turina, a modern
Spanish musician, will complete the
program.
