# COMPLETE HOSPITAL ROAD FOR OPENING
## 
### 
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
The road which is being built
from Palm Drive to the new hos
pital will be completed by May 12
for the formal opening of the new
building.
The road is being built under the
supervision and at the expense of
the City of Palo Alto. No attempt
will be made to grade it. The pre
viously graded right of way was
oiled yesterday to make a hard dirt
surface.
