# CAP AND GOWN WOMEN ELECT NEW OFFICERS
## 
### 
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
Mildred Maurer, '21, was named
president of Cap and Gown for the
coming year at a regular meeting of
tho society held yesterday afternoon,
at the home of Miss Harriet Brad
ford.
The other officers were Marion
Clancy, '22, vice-president; Bertha
Vaughan, '22, secretary; and Marion
Dwight, '22, treasurer. The next meet
ing will take the form of a supper
party to be held in two weeks, at the
home of Helen Cross in Palo Alto.
