# Cosmopolitan Club to Hold Last Meeting of Quarter
## 
### 
The Cosmopolitan Club will hold its
last meeting of the year, Friday even
ing, at 7:80, in the Women's Club
House. Offcers will be elected for the
fall quarter and important business
having to do with the national organi
zation will be taken up, as well as a
proposed change in policy which will
make the Cosmopolitan Club an all
campus organization. President Har
old Fendler requests all members of
the Cabinet to be at the Club House
promptly at 7 o'clock.
After the business meeting, the club
will go en masse to the Japanese Club
for the concluding entertainment of
theâ€”year, "Japanese Night." Only
faculty members will be admitted
without a special invitation, although
all students who have applied for ad
mission to the club are invited.
