# High School Commissioner Candidates Are Nominated
## 
### 
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
Student commissioners for next year
were recently nominated at the Palo
Alto High Sschool. Those who will
run for office in the election to be
held soon are: Commissioner of En
tertainment, Dick Shaw, Paul Carey;
Commissioner of Finance, Alfred
Pering; Commissioner of Public Wel
fare and Safety, Charles Snyder, G.
Draper; Commissioner of Athletics,
Dick McGowan, Gene Scofield; Com
missioner of Literary Activities, Har
riet Oliver, Constance Hackett. ( The
commissioners hold office for one
year.
