# TWO STANFORD MEN SELECTED BY BANK FOR FOREIGN WORK
## 
### 
Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

Frank li'. Cowgili, '20, and Jerome T.
Bowden, '20, have been selected for
membership in the college training class
of the National City Bank of New York.
This bank is the largest in the United
States and one of the largest in the
world, having branches in all the im
portant countries. Each year it selects
a limited number of college graduates
from universities all over the United
States and trains them in all depart
ments of the bank. They are given a
thorough knowledge of the functions of
the bank, both foreign and domestic, and
at the same time training in foreign lan
guages and customs of various foreign
countries.
After the period of training, these men
are sent to one of the foreign branches
or kept at the New York bank, the
greater number going abroad. This year
only twenty men were selected for this
purpose from universities all over the
counrty.
Cowgili, who will graduate in June, is
president of the Stanford Economics
Club and a member of Alpha Sigma Phi
Bowden graduated in law last quarter,
and is a member of Delta Upsilon.
The men will start their work in New
York July 1.

