# Fireside to Accent Toyon Open House
## 
### 
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
Toyon Hall is holding an informal
open house tomorrow night from
8:30 to 1:30.
Highlighting the affair will be two
huge fires. Dancing to a three-piece
jazz eotnbo will be in the fire-light
ed main lobby. Bridge will be played
in the social room. Toyon Vice-Pres
ident Charles Moore stated, "For the
more active guests there will be
billiards and ping pong in the ad
joining rooms."
In addition to the combo, enter
tainment will be the singing of Alice
Wanke. Refreshments will be served
during the evening.
