# DEBATE
## Farm Debaters Cop Top Honors 
### 
Two Stanford debaters, Dow Car
penter and Townsend Brown, took
top honors at the Rocky Mountain
Speech Conference at the Univer
sity of Denver last weekend.
Carpenter was rated first—9s out
of a possible 100—in a discussion
contest on "How Should the Na
tions of the World Maintain Peace
ful Relations?"
Brown was named best individual
debater with 4G out of 50 points.
He and Carpenter took first honors
against 60 other teams in the de
bate "Resolved, that a federal world
government should be established."
Both men were trained by Dr. Le
land T. Chapin, debate coach.
While in Denver, the two Stan
ford debaters were entertained by
L. Ward Bannister, Stanford 93,
who was a member of the first
Stanford debate team to defeat a
team from the University of Cali
fornia.
