# Foreign Students Plan Discussion
## 
### 
A group of foreign students will
attempt to answer questions sub
mitted through the question boxes
on campus in a panel discussion to
night at 7:30 in room 53 of the Edu
cation Building in connection with
International Week, according to
Erskine Childers, moderator of the
discussion.
Students taking part in the dis
cussion, entitled "Foreign Students
Look at the United Nations," are
Childers, from Ireland; Bipan Chan
dra, India; Kari Fischer, Czecho
slovakia; Bob Heiling, England; Se
rif Mardin, Turkey; Bob North,
USA; and Marcel Rist, France.
The program is modeled on the
program "Question Time" which was
put out by the British Broadcasting
Company during the war, Childers
said.
Question boxes are located in the
Western Civ libe. History corner,
main iibe, Education libe, Engineer
ing corner, and Cellar, and will re
main there until noon, Childers
stated.


ERSKINE CHILDERS. student
from Dublin, Ireland, will act as
moderator in a panel discussion
Riven by foreign students at the
lIR conference.
