# CHEST X-RAYS
## 
### 
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
All students who have not had
X-rays within the last year are
requested to appear at the Health
Service for a chest X-ray. Senior
and graduate students are particu
larly advised to take advantage of
this service.
