# Encounter Group Discussion Planned
## 
### 
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
Medical Center News Service
"Encounter Groups: A Current
Perspective" will be discussed
today in a lecture at the School of
Medicine.
The lecture, open to the public
will be at 8 p.m. in Room MlO6

of the medical school. It will be
delivered by Dr. Irvin Yalom,
professor of psychiatry and
co-author of a book on encounter
groups.
A graduate of Boston
University Medical School, Yalom

is known for his work in group
therapy and the relationship of
hormones to behavior. At
Stanford, he has launched a group
counseling program for terminally
ill patients, and a program to
explore group therapy techniques

in the treatment of alcoholics.
The lecture is part of the
Medical School's Progress in
Medicine series offered to the
community as a public service.
The first weekly series of five
lectures on psychiatry includes a
wide range of topics, from group
therapy and behavior
modification to obesity and sleep
disorders. Scheduled speakers are
Psychiatry Prof. William Agras,
Human Biology Prof. David
Hamburg, Psychiatry Department
Chairman Albert J. Stunkard and
Prof. William C. Dement.
