# Adv. 4 Page 3
## 
### 
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
msß]
■ Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced m
office skills, it you are
between /obs returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries [plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
tODDoMiinity 1- 'nniove'
Tftoznas
I temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
