# REYNOLDS ELECTED TO KIWANIS OFFICE
## 
### 
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
Leon B. Reynolds, professor of
hydraulic and sanitary engineering
in the civil engineering department
here, was elected Lieutenant Gover
nor of Division 12 of the Kiwanis
Clubs at the District, Convention of
Kiwanis held in Oakland on Novem
ber 14 and 15. District 12 comprises
the ten clubs from Palo Alto to
Monterey.
Professor Reynolds will begin his
term of office on January 1, 1931.
