# Professor Golder Sends Files of Russian Papers
## 
### 
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
Professor Frank A. Golder, of the
History department, who is at present
in Russia as representative of the
Hoover War Library, has secured valu
able files of Bolshevik daily news
papers from the period 1918-1921 in
clusive. The shipment, which consists
of three or four cases, is now being
brought to the United States by an
American steamer.
The material includes files of the
Pradva, the Derevenskia Komumna,
of which a free translation is the
Rural Commune and the Severnia
Komumna, Northern Commune, among
several others.
