# Untitled Article
## 
### 

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.

VIOLA DANA
The vivacious little actress will be
one of the stars to sparkle on the
silver sheet next Saturday night at
the first of a series of student-con
trolled moving pictures in the As
sembly Hall.
