# ROOTERS SHOULD BUY TICKETS ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
Students who are planning to attend
the game at Berkeley Saturday night
should buy their tickets in the Adminis
tration building and not at the Harmon
Gym, since only 350 tickets have been
alloted to Stanford rooters. In order to
make sure that he will be able to sit in
the Stanford rooting section the student
should also remember to take his A. S.
S. U. card with him, as the tickets are
not distinguishable. The Harmon Gym
nasium holds only 2,200 people, and on
such an important game is always packed
by 6:30. "Take an early train," is the
advice of those who attended the last
contest between California and Stanford.
Tickets for the final game here Fri
day evening will be on sale upstairs in
the Administration building at 1 o'clock
tomorrow and all day Friday.
