# WIRELESS WILL HELP IN EXCHANGE OF NEWS
## 
### 
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
Wireless will be used to further the
interchange of news between colleges if
the plans of the University of Kansas
and lowa State College arc adopted.
The plan has many features which will
make it an advantage, and if generally
adopted by universities throughout the
country would form a rapid, efficient
and cheap means of communication of
news between the college dailies.
