# Nevitt Sanford Talks Tonight
## 
### 
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
R. Nevitt Sanford, professor of
psychology and education and di
rector of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems, will
speak on “Some Afterthoughts
on “The American College’ ” at
the Faculty Club meeting today.
Professor Sanford edited the
1000-page study, “The American
College,’’ published earlier this
year. Thirty leading interpreters
of higher education contributed.
Dean Robert R. Sears will make
the introduction. The dinner
meeting begins at 6 p.m. in the
Union Dining Room.
