# Basketball Tickets On Sale for SC Games
## 
### 
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
Tickets for Saturday night's
basketball tussle with the Uni
vesity of Southern California are
still available at the athletic de
partment, according to Don Lie
bendorfer, Stanford athletic news
director. The tickets, of which
only 1,700 have been sold, are
priced at 50 cents.
All tickets for the UCLA bas
ketball game Friday night have
been given out.
