# Heavy Storms Needed In Next Two Months
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Californians were warned today by
the State Division of Water Re
sources that "an adequate water
supply lor the current season is
more than usually dependent on
good storms during the next two
months."
