# Riots Kill 14 In Palestine
## 
### 
JERUSALEM, Palestine, Feb. 10
(UP). â€”At least 14 persons were
killed and 23 injured in Palestine
shooting incidents today. Jewish
fighters in Tel Aviv planned elabo
rate protection for about 40 Ameri
can Jewish leaders scheduled to ar
rive there tonight.
The Americans, scheduled to land
at Lydda Airport, 11 miles southeast
of Tel Aviv, were to be driven to
Tel Aviv in a convoy of armored
cars.
When they move on to Jerusalem
in a day or two a strict security
blackout will be placed on their
movements "to guarantee safety," a
leader of the Jewish Haganah "de
fense army" said.
In a three-way gunfight in Jeru
salem five Arabs, one Jew, and one
British non - commissioned officer
were killed and 12 Arabs and six
Jews were injured.
