# Haley Will Lecture On Marshall Plan
## 
### 
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
Professor Bernard F. Haley, exec
utive head of the department of
economics, will talk on "The Mar
shall Plan" in room 214 tomorrow
at 4:15 p.m.
This talk will be the first of a
series of short lectures on current
economic problems. The series is
sponsored by the economics depart
ment.
The lectures are meant for eco
nomics and other social science stu
dents, but will be open to the cam
pus.
