# BSU Panel Discussion
## 
### 
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
Associate Dean of Students
Willard G. Wyman will moderate a
panel discussion on "The Rise of
the Black Student Union in Amer
ican Universities" at 8 p.m. Wed
nesday, Jan. 29 at the First
Methodist Church, Hamilton and
Webster, Palo Alto.
Sponsored by the Palo Alto
Fair Play Council, the panel will
include James E. Simmons, assis
tant provost for inter-group rela

tions; Nathaniel Kortman, Stan
ford BSU co-chairman and junior
sociology major; Thomas L. Gris
som, graduate education student,
instructor in Stanford's "Racism
and Prejudice" course, and former
instructor in San Mateo's college
readiness program; and Augustin
Medina, political science graduate
student, active in the Stanford
Mexican-American Student Con
federation.
