# JUNIOR PROM DATE SET FOR APRIL 25
## 1920 Dance Committee Will Feature Music in Big Annual Formal 
### 
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
Plans were perfected and the or
ganization of the Junior Prom was
completed last night at a meeting of
the committee ,of which S. G. Pills
bury, '20, is chairman. Special atten
tion will be given to the music this
year, according to the plans of the
committee.
The dance will probably bo held on
April 25.and will be formal. A large
number of men who were in the serv
ice are expected to be on the campus
for the dance.
