# NESTORIA DISCUSSES RAILROAD PROBLEM
## 
### 
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
The expediency of governmental con
trol of railroads during the war was
discussed at Nestoria's third regular
meeting last night. M. E. Doyle, '21,
was the affirmative leader and H. M.
Levy, 19, upheld the negative, followed
by an open discussion from the house.
The topic for discussion next Wednes
day evening is Resolved: That National
Autonomy be granted Ireland. F. H.
McElroy, '21, will be the affirmative
speaker and H. A. Davis will be the
negative speaker.
Nestoria is to be photographed for the
Quad at "Pop" Franklin's next Sunday
morning at 11a. m.
