# From Music To Checkers
## Computers Research Subject 
### JACK KAPLAN 
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
Computer simulation of belief
systems, composition of music,
checker-playing, and a "robot
hand and eye" project are among
numerous computer research pro
jects being undertaken at Stan
ford, according to William F. Mil
ler, Professor of Corrputer Sci
ence and Associate Provost for
Computing.
Speaking in Quad Room 370
Friday afternoon to an audience
of about 80, Miller outlined the
wide spectrum of computer activi
ties at Stanford. The 45 campus
computers, most of them made by
IBM, are used by students and re
searchers in a wide variety of
fields.
"Early interest from students
has generated the current wide
spread interest in computers,"

Miller stated. "The interest came
from below, and staff and admin
istration have been adjusting to
it."
Degrees in computer studies
are not available for undergradu
ates, according to Miller, except
for one or two students with self
designed majors.
Doctorate programs in com
puters are offered in the Depart
ment of Computer Science, Grad
uate School of Business, Electrical
Engineering, Operations Research,
Industrial Engineering and the In
stitute for Mathematical Studies
in the Social Sciences. The Com
munications Department is pres
ently considering a departmental
doctorate program in computers,
dealing mainly with library infor
mational systems.
The Business School is primar

ily concerned with the use of pro
gram models in business manage
ment loans, and the economic ef
fects of computing.
Research is being conducted by
such disparate groups as the Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center,
the Controller's Office and the
Medical School.
One project is investigating
ways to prevent computer inva
sions of individual privacy, with
out hampering the users of data
banks.
Another has produced a check
er-playing machine that compares
favorably to the tenth best human
player in the country, according
to Miller.
The Institute for Mathematical
Studies in the Social Sciences, in
an experiment Miller termed
"highly successful", is using com

puters to teach students the Rus
sian language.
Requests for funds this year,
both for research and educational
programs, totalled $1.1 million, of
which about $800,000 was ap
proved.
