# Sterling Names New Professors
## 
### 
Two faculty appointments were
announced bv President Wallace
Sterling yesterday. Dr. Arnold
I sen berg has been named asso
ciate professor of philosophy, and
Cene F. Franklin will join the
faculty as assistant professor of
elect rical engineering.
Iscnherg, who has been serving
as acting associate professor
here, is a graduate of Harvard
University: He also teaches in
the Humanities Honors program, i
Franklin, who will begin here
summer quarter, has been teach
ing at Columbia University since
JfK>2. He received his education
at Georgia Institute of Technol-1
ogy, Massachusetts Institute of,
Technology, and Columbia.
