# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Dicksie Smalley,
'57, to Earl Schmitt, Kappa Sig
ma, '52.
