# Burleson Asks No Admission For Refugees
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UP)
—Representative Omar Burleson
(D-Tex.) called on Congress to
day to order an immediate halt to
the admission of Hungarian refu
gees into the United States.
He charged that the adminis
tration "usurped and assumed an
authority which did not exist" by
admitting the refugees under a
special provision of the McCar
ran-Walter immigration law.
Burleson said the admission of
the refugees was a serious mis
take which, he said, would grow
to "colossal proportions" unless
Congress acted immediately.
Burleson, a member of the
House Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, had introduced a resolution
calling not only for a halt in fur
ther admissions but also for the
return to Europe of refugees now
in this country.
Senator Olin D. Johnston (D-
S.C.), a member of the Senate In
ternal Security Subcommittee
which had been investigating the
Hungarian revolt, told newsmen
yesterday he believed a "substan
tial number" of Communists had
slipped into this country as refu
gees.
But the administration had in
dicated that it intended to ask
Congress for authority to permit
the admission of more refugees
than the 21,500 already author
ized.
