# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Susan Carter, '59,
to Dan Ayrault, Theta Chi, '56.
