# Syria Wants Help Forcing Israel Out
## 
### 
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
PAMASCAS, Syria, Jan. 16 -
(UP) Syria railed on all nations
today to take action and force
Israel to give up the Gaza strip
and other positions in the Sinai
peninsula.
In notes delivered to all diplo
matic envoys here, the Foreign
Ministry urged that action be
taken both in the United Nations
and through diplomatic channels.
