# STUDENTS GUARDED
## 
### 
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
An item from U.C.L.A. states that
candidates for student class offices
Have to have police guards to pre
vent kidnapping by opposite fac
tions.
