# Northern Alumni Back Thornhill, Rothert Reports
## 
### 
Bark from a week's tour of
the northwest, newly appointed
Secretary Harlow
Rothert reports much activity
among graduate groups on the
Coast. "The fall months," says
he, "are always the busiest for
alumni clubs, with football
holding prime interest every
where. This year is no excep
tion."
Rothert attended meetings at
Portland, Seattle, and Spokane
in the course of his seven-day
trip. He brings back news of
enthusiastic gatherings at each
of the meetings, with the lar
gest crowd being drawn to Se
attle to greet Tiny Thornhill,
A! Masters, and Ernie Nevers.
Thornhill proved especially
popular with alumni wherever
he had occasion to meet with
them, Rothert observed.
