# Play Ushers Listed, Instructions Given
## 
### 
The following men have been se
lected to act as ushers at Shaw's
"Arms and the IVJan" to be given
Friday night. They are instructed
to report to the Assembly Hall at
7 o'clock sharp, and to wear dark
suits. The names are as follows:
Don Hardy, Paul Ledenbaum, Rich
ard Goldsmith, Joseph Mendelson,
Rupert Prohme, Don Mackay, How
ard Russell, Malcolm Witbeck, Don
Kerr, Everett Moses, John Den
dahl, Charles Lippman, Robert Lipp
man, Fred Walker, Arthur Dahl,
Oilman Gist, Edwin Robison, Russ
Nielsen, Joseph Fessio, John Free
man, Bob Dwan, Everett deWeese,
Lc√üioux Smith, J. F. Beckman,
Charles Shephard, H. Howard, Ed
Hinkle, Clinton Biggs, William Sul
livan, Frank Orr, William Sifford,
and James Poore.
