# Sue Man O' War
## 
### 
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
Aftermath of cruiser "Chicago's" ,
crash was filing yesterday by Silver i
Line, Ltd., British corporation own
ing the "Silverpalm," second ship in ;
the sea tragedy, of one of the first
libel suits ever filed against an |
American man o' war. Libel de- \
clared the "Silverpalm" was in col
lision with the "Chicago" which was j
due solely to the carlessness and:
negligence of the "Chicago."
