# Steady Back
## 
### 

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)

Arleigh Williams has played a,
steady game at halfback for Cali-l
fornia's Golden Bears. (Associated!
Press Photo)
