# MOFFET SPECTATOR
## 
### 
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
Phil Moffet, former varsity left
halfback on the Warner coached
teams of 1929. '30, and '31, was a
spectator oj last night's football
practice.
