# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
London Man
Gives Cool Tip
Smokers Here
London, England
30th December, 1927
Larus & Bro. Co.,
Richmond, Va..
U.S.A. .
Gentlemen:
As my Christmas present I pur
chased for myself a pound of your to
bacco (Edgeworth) in }/ 2 lb. flat tins.
This morning on the tram I met a man
with whom I am only slightly acquaints
ed, and filling my pipe produced your
tin, at which he exclaimed: "I am not a
pipe smoker, but occasionally I have a
tryin that direction and Iconsiderthat
the tobacco in your hand is the finest
made."
I am in entire agreement with his
statement.
Yours faithfully,
J. J. Mason
Edgeworth
Extra Iligh Grade
Smoking Tobacco
