# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
FREE
ENTERTAINMENT
at the
TANGENT
Folk Singing
with
RICK REKOON
9 O'CLOCK
117 UNIVERSITY
325-8488
TOURS & JOBS
IN EUROPE
Now it is possible to have an
exciting, fun-filled, low priced
tour of Europe & a paying job
anytime during the entire year.
Your choice of job & country
with wages up to $400 a month.
For a booklet with all jobs,
tours & application forms send
$2 (handling & air mail) to:
Dept. K, American Student In
formation Service, 22 Ave. de
la Liberte, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.
.. ' ' ■ ' X;.
...wo*
- . ,
■:V ■ '
233 POST STREET
SAN FRANCISCO
please add 5% State tales tax
