# Irregularities Alleged In ASSU Election, Investigation Slated, Voting Continues
## 
### 
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
Irregularities In yesterday's
voting may cause a delay in
the reporting of the results of
the ASSU election, continuing
today.
Elections commissioner Craig
Brown commented that, "be
cause of several infractions of
the rules that have been
brought to my attention, the
election may be somewhat con
troversial."
"Before the results are de
termined," said Brown, "the
Violations Investigation Com
mittee will have to look
into the chages that have been
made." Brown declined to elab

orate on the nature of the
charges.
The Violations Investigation
Committee, a subcommittee of
the elections commission, in
cludes the elections commission
er, LASSU speaker, and admin
istrative assistant to the ASSU
president, and a member of the
Men's and Women's Judicial
Council, according to Brown.
The Committee will meet at
5 p.m. today. If the meeting
runs long, reporting of the re
sults will be delayed.
Voting on head cheerleader,
off-campus undergraduate, and
graduate science and humani
ties Legislature representatives,

and a resolution supporting the
"peace vgiil" scheduled for Sat
urday night will continue today
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at En
gineering Corner and in front of
the post office.
Proposition P, calling for im
mediate U.S. withdrawal from
Vietnam, although appearing on
the ballot, will not be consid
ered.
Legislature Speaker Michael
Weinstein ruled the motion
placing the proposition on the
ballot invalid after learning
Monday that its author, Denis
Hayes, is not a member of the
Legislature.
All students may vote on the

resolution supporting the
"peace vigil" and for head
cheerleader; undergraduates
who do not live in a University
residence and are not in a fra
ternity or eating club may vote
for 20 of 49 Legislature candi
dates; graduates in the school
of humanities and sciences may
select 25 of 34 Legislature can
didates.
Last spring's ASSU president
election also resulted in contro
versy. Three charges that the
fundamental standard had been
violated were brought before
the Judicial Council. The close
election was finally determined
valid.
