# ROBLE TO HAVE PHONE
## 
### 
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
Prospects arc promising for telephones
at Roble in the near future. A switch
board is at present being installed by
Ihe call board in the reception hall.
