# Programs Available
## 
### 
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
Orders of graduation announce
ments may he picked up at the
Bookstore now. Extra programs and
announcements arc available. The
programs are $1.50 and the an
nouncements are 15 cents each.
