# Election Results
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
Kappa Sigma: William Lund, pres
ident; Thaxter Goddell, vice-presi
dent; Edward Renwick, secretary;
Bill Wright, social chairman.
Stern: Karl Schwarz, president;
Mike Stanton, social chairman; Pete
Fort, athletic chairman.
El Cuadro: Roger Hagan, presi
dent; Hal Strauch, vice-president;
Chuck Rhodes, secretary; Don
Crocker, athletic chairman; Bill
Hirshfeld, business manager.
Delta Chi: Doc Turnbull, social
chairman; Bill McGehee, recording
secretary; Russ Laphon, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Moran, pledge
counselor; Mike Orr, sergeant-at
arms; Stan Rickard, hc , .'.' io manager.
Alpha Delta Phi: Sam Register,
president; John Matthews, vice
president; Garv Hall, pledge captain;
Bill Armistead, rush chairman.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Lee Facto,
president; Michael Shlaudeman,
vice-president; Fred Brandt, record
er; Terry Badger, correspondent;
Bob Fisher, warden; Mike Faraday,
herald; Doug Betts, house manager;
Russ Ferguson, treasurer; Bob Nor
ton, Don Geddes, rush chairmen.
Moot Court: Charles Silverberg,
chairman; Myrl Scott, vice-presi
dent; Richard Janopaul, recorder.
New members—Bruce Bailey, Dan
Evans, Brad Jeffries, Jack Kimball,
Newman Porter, Hal Rogers, Mar
shall Zinner.
American Society of Mechanical
Engineers and Institute of Aeronau
tical Sciences: Dick Knox, chair
man; John Schmitt, vice-president;
Diana Horn, secretary; Allen Has
tings, treasurer.
