# Reagan defends deal
## 
### 
WASHINGTON â€” President
Reagan told his senior advisers yes
terday that "no U.S. laws have or
will be violated" by reported U.S.
arms sales to Iran and that the ad
ministration's policy of no negotia
tions with terrorists "remains in
tact," his spokesman said.
Presidential spokesman Larry
Speakes issued the statement late
yesterday following a meeting ear
lier in the day between Reagan and
his top advisers. The session was
devoted to reviewing U.S. efforts
"to achieve the release of the
hostages as well as our other broad
policy concerns in the Middle East
and the Persian Gulf," the spokes
man said.
Speakes said that specific deci
sions taken at the meeting could
not be divulged but added that the
president "did ask that it be re
emphasized that no U.S. laws have
been or will be violated and that
our policy of not making conces
sions to terrorists remains intact.'
The meeting "tvas promoted by
the president's concern for the
safety of the remaining hostages
and his fear that the spate of
speculative stories which have
arisen since the release of David
Jacobsen may put them and others
at risk," Speakes said.

Speakes did not specify which
stories he meant.
The spokesman said the presi
dent, stressing that the hostages'
lives were at stake, "asked his ad
visers to ensure that their depart
ments refrain from making com
ments or speculating about these
matters."
Speakes said that attending the
meeting yesterday were Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secretary of
State George Shultz, Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger, CIA Direc
tor William Casey, Attorney General
Edwin Meese, Chief of Staff Donald
Regan, and the national security ad
viser, Vice Adm. John Poindexter.
"As was the case in similiar
meetings with the president and his
senior advisers on this matter, there
was unanimous support for the
president," Speakes said.
Congressional leaders have said
they intend to investigate whether
the National Security Council has
been used to circumvent Congress,
the State Department and the Pent
agon in arranging reported arms
sales to Iran in exchange for U.S.
hostages.
Shultz has told associates he has
no intention of stepping down, as
some reports have speculated.
Associated Press
