# Savelle To Wed Irene Korbutt
## 
### 
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
Mrs. Felix Korbutt announced the
engagement of her daughter, Irene
Korbutt, to Dr. Maxwell Savelle of
the History Department, Sunday
night at a private gathering of
friends. No date for the wedding has
been set, but it was said to be prob
ably this spring or early summer.
Miss Korbutt is a kindergarten
teacher at the Mayfielcl School and a
graduate of San Jose State College.
