# BERLIN RAIDED AGAIN
## 
### 
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
LONDON (UP)—History's greatest
sustained aerial offensive, that has
rocked Axis Europe with more than
10.000 tons of bombs in 83 hours went
into its fifth day today with a vasi
United States Liberator bomber at
tack on the French invasion coast as
fresh fires roared through dying Ber
lin r'ollowing the R.A.F.'s third sat
uration raid in four nights.
Thousands of Berlin residents were
reported fleeing the ruins of the Ger
man capital on which the R.A.F. has
poured more than 23,856 tons of con
centrated death in 14 blitz assaults
Jnce Nov. 28.
