# Preview
## 
### 
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
Friday
«' tvv
News

The Daily's series on issues for the upcoming
election kicks of with an in-depth look at the
state of the economy and the federal budget.
While some politicians scramble to claim a
share of the budget surplus, others call for a
"lock-box" to protect the Social Security trust
funs. How will this surplus shape the election?
. * 4>
