# Flicks' Manager, Life Guards Named
## 
### 
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
Bard Brut/man has been ap
pointed Flicks' Manager for next
year, ASSU announced yesterday.
Bard has been active in band, or
chestra, Ram's Head and is a
junior.
Also appointed yesterday were
Jim Cooper, head life guard, and
Ralph Oilman and Joe Jennings,
assistant life guards. Cooper, a
junior, is a Theta Chi and has
been a member of the varsity
swimming team for two years.
Jennings and Oilman are soph
omores. Oilman a member of the
swimming team and a Theta Chi,
and Jennings a member of the
Sigma Chi house.
