# Like, Let’s Hope Not
## 
### 
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
All gradual nig seniors should
pick lip their IHM grade slips
Friday, June 10, alter M p.m. in
Room 111-A.
This is important, as it is the
only way I lie I'niversity lias In
notify seniors of last-minute
graduation snags — like you
flunked a course, or something.
