# U.C. Journalists Refused Instruction.
## 
### 
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
Yesterday at California consider
able annoyance was caused by a
ruling made by Professor George
Howison of the philosophy de
partment in declaring his courses
not open to university newspaper
men. Two news editors of the
Daily Califomian applied for reg
istration in one of Dr. Howison's
classes and were promptly refused.
The matter will be appealed to
President Wheeler by the students.
Dr. Howieon hopes, by closing his
courses to newspapermen, to pre
vent being misquoted in the future.
