# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
Lost.—"Hawaiian Coat of Arms"
cuff-button on baseba.l field. Retuvr
to R. R. Hind, Box 266 and receivc
reward.
