# TELEPHONE STRIKE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
WASHINGTON, April 21 (UP).—
Government conciliators clung to
night to a hope that wage agree
ments in other industries may aid in
settlement of the telephone strike.
