# CONVENTION SITE CHOSEN
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
KANSAS CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Philadelphia was chosen today as
the site for the 1948 Republican Na
tional Convention.
