# JONES BACK FROM MEET
## 
### 
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
Dr. Richard 'Foster Jones, execu
tive head of the English Depart
ment, returned Friday from attend
ing a meeting in New York of the
National Council of the Modern
Language Associaton of America.
