# Theologian To Preach Sunday
## 
### 
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
William Muehl, a lawyer by
training but Professor of Practi
cal Theology at Yale Divinity
School, will speak at the 11 a.m.
worship service at Memorial
Church Sunday.
The Service Sunday will be fol
lowed by a coffee hour for Pro
fessor Muehl in the chancel of
the church.
Professor Muehl will have din
ner at Roble Hall Sunday even
ing. At 3:30 Sunday afternoon he
will appear at a meeting at the
First Congregational Church in
Palo Alto.
Professor Muehl, who received
an LL.B. from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1944, is
considered an authority in the
field of homiletics, the art of
preaching, and was Visiting Pro
fessor of Homiletics at Harvard
University in 1964-65.
Connected with religious
movements from student days,
he served as both instructor in
speech and director of the Re
ligious Association at Michigan
from 1942 to 1944. In that year
he moved to a similar position
at Yale, was made an Associate
Professor in 1950, and assumed
his present position in 1956.

While at the University of
Michigan, Professor Muehl also
served as an Episcopal lay min
ister in Dexter, a suburb of Ann
Arbor. In addition to member
ship in the Michigan State Bar
Association, he has been a mem
ber of the New Haven Coopera
tive Society, of which he is a
past president.

He is also a past state chair
man and a national board mem
ber of the Americans for Demo
cratic Action, and has been con
sultant on personnel education
to a number of firms, including
General Electric, International
Harvester, and International Sil
ver companies.

A native of Detroit, Professor
Muehl attended Grosse Point
High School. As an undergradu
ate at Michigan, he was presi
dent of the Student Religious
Association. He is primarily con
cerned with work in the field of
Christian communication, parti
cularly through the pulpit.
