# Adv. 32 Page 13
## 
### 
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
TRAVEL
Cheap Beach Escape! $21/ night
SANTA CRUZ HOSTEL 831 -423-8304
Cafes/Surf! vwwv,h'-»nt<*iw-org
Kailua-Kona, Hawaii condo
1 bed/1 bath spectacular setting
over the ocean close to town
weekly/monthly rental or lease
call 650-533-0524
WANTED
SHM, 30s, physician, attractive,
tall, new to area seeks sexy,
intel., family-oriented single
Latina for LTR, to live happily
ever after. Health sci a plus.
docperszG'hptmeiUpm or
510-774-6856
