# STANFORD R.O.T.C. WILL BE INSPECTED BY ARMY OFFICERS
## 
### 
Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis Brown and
Majoi* Martin Wise, from the War De- j
partment General Staff at Washington,!
D.C., will carry on a general inspec-1
tion of the Stanford R.O.T.C. depart- j
ment on Thursday, April 8. The in-1
spection, for the purpose of determin
ing whether or not Stanford will re
ceive the rating of distinguished col
lege, will be on both theoretical and
practical work in the department.
Inspection will include one section
of each class in the unit. This will be
held in the section room. The practical
examination in the afternoon will in
clude mounted inspection, mounted
review, mounted drill, cannonier'3 drill,
and a tactical problem including re
connaissance, selection, and occupa
tion of a position for artillery.
During the practical inspection, the
members of the unit will be rated on
general appearance and clothing, since
this phase of the work counts in the
final scoring. The results of these in
spections are filed in the home office
at Washington, and compared with the
scores of the other colleges in the
district. Approximately 30 per cent of
the colleges receive the degree of dis
tinguished college.
The University of California has re
ceived the degree several years in
succession, and along with the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology, and
Pomona College, was the only college
in California to receive the degree
last year. Stanford will have a good
chance to get the degree this year, ac
cording to Major Geary. It has not held
I this rating since the war.
