# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
OF ALL KNOWLEDCI
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
'GIRL OF
THE WEEK"!
MISS
MURIEL
WITTERS
o
St'c' her photograph in
Nicholas Johnston's win- :
dow and watch this page
every Monday for future
nominations.
