# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
O NEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Pnlo Alto
