# Science Program At Roble Tonight
## 
### 
Second in a series of three Vo
com programs scheduled for Roble
women will be presented this eve
ning after dinner in the lobby.
Topic for the evening will be sci
ence.
Four science majors will be guest
speakers and will tell of their work
and will answer questions from the
audience.
The speakers are Nan Bolcndcr,
biology; Marion Carstarphon, physi
cal science; Ellen Davis, physical
education; and Nancy Greeenbaum,
chemistry.
Mary Ed Davis will be chairman
for this program. Third of the sc
ries on Social Sciences will be pre
sented May 20.
A fountain in front of the Cal
Campanile was painted red last
Saturday night but the college ad
ministration credited the act of
vandalism to the campus Commu
nists. Senator Jack Tenney is in
vestigating.
