# Cal-Farm Vie In 'Big Debate'; Judges Chosen
## 
### 
Five prominent peninsula men
have been invited to judge the an
nual Farm-Cal debate contest for the
Medaille Joffre this Wednesday at
the University of California in
Wheeler Hall.
Those who have accepted to act as
judges for the Joffre are the Rev.
Lynn T. White, San Anselmo Theo
logical School; Dr. Francis E. Her
rick, chairman, History Department,
Mills College; Judge Julian O. Good
ell, First District Court, San Fran
cisco. Also expected to accept the
position are Robert Elliott, column
ist, San Francisco News, and Wil
liam Winter, radio commentator.
Rated underdog by Coach Leland
T. Chapin, the Stanford team is
composed of Carol Newton, Wallace
McCall, and Tom Steege. They are
given this rating because one of
their opponents will be Juanita 01-
scn, who won the debate for U.C.
last May, when the Farm suffered a
defeat. Stanford will enter the fif
ty-second battle between the two
universities trailing 25-26.
TOPIC A MYSTERY
Participants in the Joffre contest
will not know the specific topic un
til shortly before the contest, be
cause three specific questions have
been chosen by Frederick L. Schu
man, noted writer and professor of
political science at Williams Col
lege, under the general topic of "The
Role of France in the World Today."
Final selection from these three
questions will be made known short
ly before the battle by U.C.'s Vice-
President Deutsch. This impromptu
atmosphere to the tourney has
helped to make it one of the best
known debates in the country.
