# Ratio or Preference? Women Vote Tonight
## 
### 
Women students will vote in
house meetings tonight as to
whether they want a class prefer
ence or ratio system in room
drawing. The Administration will
take the vote into account when
deciding upon the final plan.
Under a class preference sys
tem. all senior drawings arc
placed, then juniors and sopho
mores in that order. There is no
attempt to balance the class rep
resentation in a living group.
Under the ratio system, the
number of vacancies in each liv
ing group would be proportioned
to the number of women in each
class drawing.
The final decision will be an
nounced before Thursday when
upper division room drawing be
gins.
