# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
The following letter has been
received by President Jordan
from the malinger of the Aus
tralian Kugby Team.
Vancouver,
November 21, 1912.
l)r. David Starr Jordan,
Leland Stanford University.
Dear Sir,
I have to convey to you on
behalf of the above team our
very sincere and best thanks
for the many courtesies shown
to us whilst in California.
We shall long: remember the
pleasant, and sportsmanlike
games, the hospitality and the
many pleasant associations
formed during our visit to
Stanford.
Yours faithfully,
OTTO BOHRStfANN.
