# Freshmen Will Meet Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
The first meeting of the Freshmen
Class will take place tomorrow after
noon in room 68, T. R. Cadwalader,
the Junior President, presiding. The
entering class will be organized, and
all matters pertaining to the ap
proaching clash with the Sophomores
will be taken up and acted on. Pres
ident Cadwalader is anxious that ev
ery Freshman should be present to
morrow. He said today, "It is very
important that every member of the
entering class should be in attend
ance."
