# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A certain class of automobilists ap
pear to regard the regulations gov
erning the route of machines through
the Campus and the speed at which
they may be run as rules made but to
be broken. There is room for doubt
as to whether the restriction of auto
mobiles to certain streets 011 the
Campus is either just or wise, but
the fact undeniably remains that such
a restriction has been made, and that
the power to make it rests in the
hands of the authorities. Drivers of
machines remember the time when
cars were forbidden to come upon the
Campus, and should have enough
gratitude for the recent concession,
admitting them, to obey the rules.
Fast driving is an evil which is open
to greater censure than any other,
and we hope it will not take a ser
ious accident, accompanied by loss of
life, to bring some of these drivers
to their senses. It might be well to
remember that the power to exclude
automobiles still remains with those
who abolished the old edict against
them.
