# Dr. Patchell Speaks To Men.
## 
### 
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
Dr. Wm. T. Patchell, of San Jose,
addressed a men's meeting in the
Chapel yesterday afternoon at which
about seventy-five students attended.
His topic was"The Choice of a Mas
ter.'' Dr. Elliott presided over the
meeting.
