# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
BICYCLE
i~P
jfm
Mi
V »•
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Cnmino Real across from
Stadium
I
