# SUNDAY HYMNS.
## Gentlemen Will Perform. Mr. Milhaud's Composition. 
### 
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
The gentlemen of the Pro Arte
Quartet will present another of
their concerts this Sunday after
noon at the hour of 3:30 o'clock in
the Auditorium of Memorial Hall.
They will play one of Beethoven's
masterpieces, the Quartet in E Flat
Major, Opus 74, a quartet by the
senstitive composer, R. Schumann,
the Quartet in A Major, Opus 41,
No. 3, and a composition by that
marvelous modern composer Mr.
Darius Milhaud, the Quartet No. 9.
Mr. Milhaud recently was so good
as to conduct a number in the last
San Francisco symphonic series, as
many readers will doubtless remem
ber. It was received with a tre
mendous ovation by the ladies and
gentlemen of Ihe audience. Mr. Mil
haud is one of the more notable and
charming of the present school of
composers.
The last concert rendered by the
Pro Arte Quartet was remarkable
for excellence of the musical feel
ing exhibited by the four instru
mentalists, Mr. F. Antonio Brosa,
Mr. L. Halleux, Mr. Q. Germain
Prevost, and Mr. W. Evans.
The concerts are presented to
Stanford University by the Mrs.
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge Founda
tion in the Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C., and by the Friends
of Music at Stanford University.
The public is cordially invited.
