# THE 						CON HOME AFTER YOU CLEANED IT UP YESTERDAY
## 
### 

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.

This is all that's left of (he Convalescent Home after yesterday's Labor Drive. Stanford students strip
ped everything off in order to contribute it to the drive. Those things in the picture are Ned Pugg, Pete
Whittleaway, and Bill Turnyourstomach, prominent campus leaders.
