# ENGINEERS' PICNIC
## 
### 
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
About 175 faculty members and
students in (he school or engineer
ing attended the engineering picnic
in Santa Cruz county Saturday.
