# YEON WEDDING
## 
### 
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
The marriage of Miss Pauline
Yeon, ex-'.'lt and Knpp;« Kappa
Gamma, to James Mifflin from the
University of Washington was re
cently announced :il the Kappa
house there. Miss Yeon was regis
tered from Portland, Oregon. The
couple have gone to Honolulu to
make their home.
