# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
Members of Delta Upsilon and
Kappa Sigma will be photo
graphed in the Quad studio on
the second floor of the Press
Building today. Full co-opera
tion in securing and keeping ap
pointments is requested.
