# Bartlett-Rowell Debate Tickets Given Out Today
## 
### 
Free student, tickets to the Bart-
Jett-Rov/ell debate on ihe guberna
torial election next Wednesday night
may be obtained at the office of the
Committee on Public Exercises to
day and Saturday.
Hours for ticket distribution are
from 9 to 12 o'clock this morning and
1 to 5 o'clock this afternoon. To
morrow morning the office will give
out tickets from 9 to 11 o'clock.
Faculty members may obtain paste
boards from their department secre
taries or from the office of (he com
mittee.
â€¢Louis Bart left, who will take the
Sinclair side in the debate on
"Should Sinclair or Merriam be
Governor of California?" is a Demo
crat and former mayor of Berkeley.
Chester Rowcll, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle and a Repub
lican, will endorse the Merriam
candidacy.
