# Huey Long Is Boon To L.S.U. Rooting Section
## 
### 
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
Senator Huey P. Long, Louisiana's
political dictator, whose bounty is
providing transportation of prac
tically the entire Louisiana State
University cheering section to Nash
ville, Tenn., for Saturday's football
game with Vanderbilt, today put the
finishing touches on his unique en
terprise.
The 1500 L.S.U. cadets today re
ceived their new grey uniforms,
which the Kingfish ordered rushed
from the tailors for Saturday's pa
rading.
