# Small Crowd of 50,000 Coming To U.S.C. Game
## 
### 
"Only 50,000 at the most â€”a
light crowd," is the prediction
of A1 Masters, general manager
of the Board of Athletic Con
trol, regarding the game to
morrow.
Yesterday only a little over
30,000 tickets had been sold,
Masters revealed, but felt con
fident that the total would be
raised by gate sales. All Stan
ford rooters tickets have been
sold.
At the Stanford-S.C. game in
Los Angeles last year some
85,000 persons attended, but at
that time the Trojans had not
lost to a Coast conference team
in several years.
Traffic arrangements and
concessions will be the same as
for the annual Big Games, the
B.A.C. head announced.
