# Macon Will Attend Tilt
## 
### 
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
The Navy dirigible Macon, circling
aver the stadium during the S.C.
game tomorrow, will broadcast
events of the struggle over shox't
wave from where it will be picked
up by the public address system and
relayed to the spectators between
the halves.
Lieutenant - Commander Herbert
V. Wiley, in charge of the Macon,
has arranged for this exhibition as
a part of the celebrations for Navy
Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Seats for all aboard the ship will
provide a remarkable aerial view of
the game and rooting sections.
Tomorrow's game starts at 2
o'clock, not 2:30.
