# Be-Medaled Buddy
## 
### 

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)

One of the most brilliantly span
gled legionnaires at the national
convention of the American Legion
in Miami, Fla., was Sergeant Louis
Va. letsel of Los Angeles, who was
weighted down with 17 medals, in
cluding the Congressional Medal o4
Honor. (Associated Press Photo)
