# Gymnasts Host Spartans, Cougs
## 
### 
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
Washington State and San Jose
State will provide some rugged
competition for the Stanford
gymnastic team tonight in Encina
Gym at 7:30.
For instance. Bob Haywood of
the Spartans is ranked fifth na
tionally on the trampoline and he
has been beaten by teammate Ted
Bogios.
The Cougars' top competitor is
captain Jay Eliason, unbeaten
this year on the side horse and
rope climb.
Trying to give the Tribe an up
set win will be high point men
Rich Hawkins and Frank Christ -
ensen.
This is the final home meet of
the season for the Tribe.


TOM GLOVFR
Versatile gymnast
