# CARDS VS. BEARS
## 
### 
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
KZSU, 880 on your transistor's
dial, will offer a play-by-play of
both Stanford, Cal games this
weekend.
