# Philosophy Libe Sets Dedication
## 
### 
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
Tanner Memorial library, in
the remodeled quarters of the
philosophy department, will be
dedicated tonight at an informal
gathering of faculty and guests
at 7 o'clock.
The library has been given to
Stanford by Obret C. Tanner,
professor of philosophy at the
University of Utah, and his wife
in memory of their three sons.
President Wallace Sterling and
Tanner will speak briefly at the
dedication.
The carpeted- and wood-paneled
library houses two major philos
ophy collections, gifts of lale
Stanford professors Harold Chap
man Brown and Henry Wald
grave Stuart, it will accommodate
about 30 students and is expected
eventually to contain 4,000 vol
umes.
