# Union To Entertain Officials Tonight
## 
### 
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
Union Club is entertaining mem
bers of the University administra
tion tonight at a dinner in their
honor from 6 to 8 o'clock in the
Union dining room. Margaret
Greenwell is the chairman of the
committee in charge of the affair.
After dinner, there will be short
skits in the Women's Clubhouse by
each house in the unit. Alene Ken
nar will act as a master of cere
monies and introduce each house as
its skit is given.
