# Glee Clubs Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
Members of Men's and Wom
en's Glee Clubs must attend
rehearsal tonight in room 84
at 8 o'clock, announces Herb
Woolley, manager.
Work on the following Gaie
ties tunes will commence, he
said:
"Urban," by Hank Rhodes;
"Blue Moonlight," by Bucky
Henshaw; "Suzanne," by Bob
Staver.
These tunes have been adapt
ed for use in the Gaieties by
Myron Birnbauin, musical di
rector.
