# CAMPUS OPINION
## DIOGENES SPEAKS 
### 
The Editor. Sir:
It was interesting and educational
to compare the spirit of Bull Ses
sioner's comment on the Dies Com
mittee last Thursday with Tues
day's editorial on the American Stu
dent Union.
While the professional red chasers
took a well merited ribbing for try
ing to pin labels on one and all, es
sentially the same tactics were em
ployed by the editorial writer in
characterizing Cal's A.S.U. chapter.
One wonders if he had any other
basis than a vague general impres
sion for the assertion that the Cal
organization "had done much to bol
ster that reputation," i.e., for being
a crew of red-hot radicals, sold on
Communism, "with fact and action."
Persons familiar with the prin
ciples of propaganda recognize this
as the ancient and moldy tech
nique of name-calling, by which
general emotionalized attitudes
toward a person or group are cre
ated among the suggestible. Only
after this has been done does the
special pleader bring forth "facts"
for the purpose of "bolstering the
reputation" thus created.
Oh well, at least the editor is sure
of a job. If the Dies Committee has
folded up by the time he graduates,
the American Legion and the an
cestor worshippers can use a man
with such skills.
