# Farm Represented At S.I.P.R. Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
Stanford was represented Satur
day night at a meeting held by the
Student Institute of Pacific Rela
tions last Saturday night at the Pa
cific Center in San Francisco.
Round tables on "Conference Pro
cess" and on "The Reasons for and
Objectives of Japanese Expansion"
were led by Hobart Young of the
Stanford Food Research Institute
and Junius Cary, respectively.
