# Junior College Heads To Meet Here Saturday
## Meeting To Consider Relations of Jaysee To Education Phases 
### 
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
Considering chiefly the junior
college in relation to various phases
of education, the first fall meeting
of the Northern California Junior
College Association will be held at
the University next Saturday. Harry
Tyler of Sacramento Junior College
will preside.
The junior college as it concerns
higher than junior college educa
tion, technical training, general edu
cation for social intelligence, and
adult education will be the subjects
of the topic as it will be presented by
Dr. Dwayne Orton, principal of
Stockton Junior College.
The audience will participate in a
discussion, initiated by Mr. Tyler,
following the presentation. .
Registration will open at 9 o'clock,
and greetings will be extended by
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur. The dis
cussions will be held in the audi
torium of the Cubberley Education
Building.
Dr. Grayson N. Kefauver, dean of
the Stanford School of Education,
will preside at a luncheon at 12
o'clock in the Union, and Dr. George
W. Dowrie, of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will speak on the
future of private enterprise.
