# Woman, 106, Gives Longevity Rules
## 
### 
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
BALLINIFAD. Out., Oct. .'JO (UP).
—Mrs. Agnes Young, who has cele
brated her lOfith birthday at her
home, 14 miles west of Guelph, at
tributes her long life and compara
tively good health to a few "simple
health rules."
Among the "rules" are hard work,
fresh air, plenty of sleep, and a
good, rough diet. Until two years
ago Mrs. Young was able to do most
of her own housework.
