# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tllk enthusiasm of the audience
which attended the first of the semi
finals of the ('arni)t debate was en
couraging to the speakers. The
audience was also larger than
might he expected, which is a pleas
ing indication of a lively interest
in debating matters which brightens
this year's prospects. We can not
do too much to foster debating at
Stanford, especially this year when
victory or defeat will have great
weight in casting the balance of
supremacy for us or for our rivals,
and it is hoped that the interest
will he maintained and increased.
Every student who can find time to
attend football practice and the de
bates should feel it incumbent upon
iiim to encourage the speakers and
players bv bis presence and sup
port.
