# Ex-Stanford Gagster Cops Pepsi Laurels
## 
### 
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
William Johnston of Redwood
City, who received a Master's de
gree in business administration in
June, is one of eight national win
ners in a "Crazy Shot" contest re
cently held by the Pepsi-Cola Com
pany, the company announced yes
terday.
The company offered prizes of $20
for the best gag snapshots featur
ing their product. Johnston's prize
winning entry was entitled "Under
water Drinker," and showed a
swimming pool with two hands
emerging holding a bottle of Pepsi-
Cola and a glass.
