# Players to Open 'Richard III' Parts
## 
### 
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
All students, faculty members,
and their families interested in try
ing out for parts in the Stanford
Players' production of Shake
speare's "Richard III" should come
to the main stage of Memorial Hall
today at 3:30 p.m. or at 7:30 p.m.,
Dr. A. N. Vardac, director and de
signer of the production, announced
yesterday.
This subscription series produc
tion, the first to be given this sea
son, has a large number of good
parts for both men and women.
Since it is entirely a campus proj
ect, it is hoped that a lot of people
will turn out for the tryouts, Dr.
Vardac said. In addition, he advised
students interested in joining the
Players that this is an excellent
time to become a member by par
ticipating in this production.
"Richard III" will be presented on
the main stage of Memorial Theater
at 8:15 p.m. on Nov. 6, 7, and 8.
