# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
Nearly 90 per cent of the nation's
houses rent for less than $51 a
month.
