# ALUMNUS RECEIVES POST
## 
### 
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
J. D. McCall, Stanford graduate,
was appointed general superintend
ent of the Pittsburg, California,
plant of Columbia Steel Company,
it was announced yesterday. McCall
received the A.B. in mechanical en
gineering at Stanford in 1932. He
is also a graduate of the Graduate
School of Business.
