# Toyon Hall to Give Open House Friday
## 
### 
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
The president of the Social Com
mittee for Toyon Hall announced
today that Toyon will hold an open
house for the entire campus this
Friday evening from 8 to 11.
This affair, the first of the year
for Toyon, is a no-date dance and
strictly informal. Besides dancing
to the latest records, refreshments
will be served. All Stanford men
and women are invited and urged to
attend.
