# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
J.R. Holman, '09 and wife, nee Miss
A. M. Shumate. '10, were visitors on
the campus today. Holman was a foot
hall and track star while in college.
