# Women Get Rowing Machines.
## 
### 
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
Four new rowing machines were in
stalled this morning at Roble Gymna
sium, and work was begun under the
direction of Karl L. Schaupp, '12.
