# Lake is Wedded This Afternoon.
## 
### 
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
J. T. Lake, '12, was married to Miss
A. M. Huttmann in Palo Alto this af
ternoon. Doctor D. Charles Gardner
performed the ceremony. Lake re
ceived his degree from the Electrical
Engineering department. When in
college he was a member of the orches
tra, Encina Club and American Insti
tute of Electrical Engineers. Miss
Huttmann is a Palo Alto girl who was
employed in the Times office.
