# Card Mermen To Meet SJS
## 
### 
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
The curtain will rise on Stanford's
drive for another Southern Division j
water polo championship this after
noon at 4:30 when the Farm Varsity
tackles the highly regarded San j
[ Jose State Spartans at the Encina
Pools.
Although the meeting between the
two peninsula teams is a non-con
ference affair, the outcome should
shed some light on the Indian's
chances of copping the P.C.C. South
ern Division crown.
San Jose State, which in the past
has often been the doormat in Bay
Region water polo activities, has
come up with an unusually strong
I team this year.
Against the Spartans, Coach Tom
Haynie plans to start lettermen Jim
Armstrong and Harry Borchers and
newcomer Fritz Maurer at the for
ward positions, letterman Walter
Lull at centerback, veteran Dick
Narver at one guard spot and sopho
more Ralph Sala at the other, and
letterwinner Don Hester at goal.
Bob Hartranft, Ed Wilson, Bill Thay
er, Hase Rodenbaugh, and Ken Fox
are also slated to see action.
The Stanford freshmen team will
oppose the San Jose yearlings at
3:30 in a preliminary game. Coach
Haynie says he will not name his
frosh starting lineup until game
time.
