# Adv. 23 Page 9
## 
### 
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
TIME CHANGE:
HISTORY 171 A:
Coming of Ago in
Amorica: Youth,
Leaving Homo,
Courtship and Lovo in
American History,
PROF. HORN.
Re-Scheduled to Mondays
and Wednesdays, 3:15-4:40,
in Bldg. 200,*
Rm. 303.
ENROLLMENT STILL
OPEN!
