# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Once again the American flagr has
come to the front. At Rio de Janiero
recently the eaptain of a British mer
chantman, who had run out of fresh
water, appealed to the commander of a
British warship for protection while he
landed, but was gruffly refused. The
captain then appealed to Admiral Ben
ham, commander of the United States
squadron at that station, and the water
was obtained under the American flag
Such instances as this fill the heart
of every true American with pride for
the white navy and its gallant officers.
Once again the American flagr has
come to the front. At Rio de Janiero
recently the eaptain of a British mer
chantman, who had run out of fresh
water, appealed to the commander of a
British warship for protection while he
landed, but was gruffly refused. The
captain then appealed to Admiral Ben
ham, commander of the United States
squadron at that station, and the water
was obtained under the American flag
Such instances as this fill the heart
of every true American with pride for
the white navy and its gallant officers.
Once again the American flagr has
come to the front. At Rio de Janiero
recently the eaptain of a British mer
chantman, who had run out of fresh
water, appealed to the commander of a
British warship for protection while he
landed, but was gruffly refused. The
captain then appealed to Admiral Ben
ham, commander of the United States
squadron at that station, and the water
was obtained under the American flag
Such instances as this fill the heart
of every true American with pride for
the white navy and its gallant officers.
