# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
MEDICO-DENTAL
AT.WAYS OPEN
Kib
(Under Postoffice)
We grease and oil your
car—wash and polish it—re
pair the tires—and store it.
24-hour Service
2GI Hamilton Ave.
Phone 8543
