# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
University of Illinois students voted
in favor of Sunday spurts liy inure
than twenty to one.
