# 'AXE RACKETEERS' TO BE HONORED AT PAVILION JOLLY-UP
## 
### 
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
Climaxing a week of hilari
ous excitement, the Class of
19H0 will sponsor an all-Uni
versity Axe Jolly-Up in the
Pavilion from 7 to li o'clock
tomorrow night.
Inasmuch as the twenty-one
famous "Axe Racketeers" will
he the recipients of the major
part of the honor, the honor,
the decorative motif for the
evening will he the beloved
tomahawk with certain sym
bols extending a delicate note
of sympathy to the bereaved
Californians. Music for the
affair will be supplied by the
largest orchestra ever secured
for a jolly-up. And, for that
added attraction, Speegle, Car
ter, and Co. have planned an
other of their renowned skits.
Fraternities which are rush
ing tomorrow night have al
ready agreed to close their ac
tivities at 7 o'clock, and to
postpone rushing meetings un
-1 i 1 after 112).
