# STEP
## Teaching the teachers 
### 
gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

gfofidkt® B
mm 1

Opinions 5

If Egyptians have access to healthy food at cheap
prices, why shouldn't Americans?

Sports 7

Cardinal women s soccer begins the long road to
defend their national championship

Intermission 12

The Bay Area takes on the Midwest at Chicago's
three-day music festival, Lollapalooza

