# Editorial
## Seeing the light 
### 
THE ONE THAT got away
may be on his way back.
Gordon Chang used to
teach the only Asian-American
studies class at this University.
Last year, he departed for UC-
Irvine because he could obtain a
tenure-track position there. Stan
ford was not making such an offer.
Also last year, the Asian Amer
ican Students Association and the
ASSU urged the University to
create such a position and not let
Chang get away.
The creation of a tenured Asian-
American studies professorship
was also a demand of the protest
ers who took over University Pres
ident Donald Kennedy's office on
May 15.
Well, with a little prodding, the
University finally created the po
sition. And, lo and behold, Chang
is one of the finalists in the search
to fill it.

If the University had a little
foresight, it could have retained
Chang — without disrupting his
life as he moved from college to
college — and had a solid choice
for the position among its own fac
ulty.
Obviously, Chang wants to be at
Stanford teaching Asian-American
studies. So does Victor Nee, a
sociology professor at Cornell Uni
versity, the other named finalist.
So did 47 other applicants for the
position.
Asian-American studies is an im
portant — and growing — disci
pline. It was a crime not to have
a single course on the subject.
The University did the right
thing. Everyone will benefit by
having a professor of Asian-
American studies on campus. And
once we get one, let's not let him
or her get away again.
