# Recess Begins Dec. 17, Quarter Opens Jan. 3
## 
### 
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
The University will close officially
for Christmas recess on Saturday
Dec. 17 at noon with the> end of
autumn quarter. Campus residences
must be vacated by that time, ac
cording to University officials.
Winter quarter will begin Tues
day Jan. 3 with registration, and
Wednesday Jan. 4 classes will begin,
according to the Registrar's Office.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced as incorrect the University
Calendar which lists opening dates
of winter quarter as Monday and
Tuesday.
