# Farm Professor's Art To Be Exhibited in SF
## 
### 
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
Twenty watercolors, including Pe
ninsula and Half Moon Bay fcencs,
by Stanford professor Daniel Mcn
delowitz will be on exhibit at the
Maxwell Galleries in San Francisco
through Dec. 24.
Mendelowitz, professor of art and
education, has exhibited in the
American Watercolor Soeiety shows
in New York.
