# SIGN PSYCHOLOGY TOLD Neon Versus Incandescents TUBE HAS ADVANTAGES
## 
### 
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
The psychological advantages of
signs illuminated by neon gas over
signs illuminated by incandescent
lamps is the subject or a study re
cently completed by Professor W~R.
Miles of the Psychology department.
The study, which will be published in
the "Journal of General Psychology,"
gives three essential advantages of
neon tube signs.
The brilliance of the filaments in
incandescent lamps is higher than the
comfort zone of the human eye, while
the intensity of illumination furnished
by the gas signs is within this zone
and is not fatiguing to the eye. For
this reason advertising messages of
the tube signs are read completely,
instead of receiving merely a cursory
glance.
Gas Signs More Clear
The clarity of gas signs is much
better than that of signs composed of
many incandescent bulbs. Unless the
eye is at quite a distance from the
sign, each bulb has a tendency to
stand out as a separate point of light,
instead of merging into a line. In the
letters made up of gas-filled tubes,
however, this is eliminated, for each
line is distinct and legible from any
distance at which it is visible. This
factor alone enables the sign to be
read in less time than would be neces
sary were the letters made up of
separate bulbs.
As the third important advantage
Professor Miles in his report gives
the effect of the very rapid flashing
of neon signs on the retention of vi
sion of the eye. This flashing occurs
120 times a second, too rapidly to be
seen by the eye when looking straight
at the sign. But when the eye is mov
ing, as when the person is riding in
an automobile, or when the eye
glances past the sign, the images of
each flash are retained long enough
to form a chain of successive momen
tary images. This effect catches the
attention, but when the eye looks
straight at the sign, discomforting
flashing of many bulbs does not dis
courage the complete reading of the
sign.
