# U.C.L.A. Loses Two Star Athletes In Suspension Of Razz Sheet Editors
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31. (P.I.P.)â€”
Sammy Baiter, varsity basketball cap
tain, is not the only man lost to
U.C.L.A. athletics through member
ship in Pi Delta Epsilon, sponsor of
an "errant" razz sheet. Coach Harry
Trotter is gnashing teeth over oust
ing of George Badger, star half-miler.
Badger, like Baiter, was versatile.
In addition to his track activities he
was business manager of the "Daily
Bruin," campus newspaper, and presi
dent of the local chapter of Pi Delta
Epsilon, national honorary journalis
tic fraternity.
Baiter, due to the fact that he did
not participate in publication of the
sheet, may be reinstated but Badger
apparently was "in on the work" and
bis "indefinite suspension" probably
will not be ended for some time.
