# Briefly
## 
### 
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
Suicide here
The Santa Clara County Coroner's
Office has ruled that the shooting
death of Palo Alto resident Bryce
Perry Saturday afternoon here was a
suicide.
Perry's body was found by passing
motorists on Old Page Mill Road
about 3 p.m. He shot himself in the
head with a shotgun, according to
firemen called to the scene.
Perry was apparently not a Stan
ford student or member of the fa
culty or staff.
