# Adv. 23 Page 10
## 
### 
Where
are
you?
The Stanford Daily is holding informa
tion meetings for all students interest
ed in either writing, shooting photos,
proofreading, layout or graphics.
Please join us
at noon on:
Wednesday, Sept. 27
or
Friday, Sept. 29
The Daily is located in the Storke
Student Publications Building, across
from the Terman Engineering Building.
No experience is necessary; we'll train
you. For more information, call 725-
2100 and ask for Sarah, Andy, Jim or
Lindsey.
Where
are
you?
The Stanford Daily is holding informa
tion meetings for all students interest
ed in either writing, shooting photos,
proofreading, layout or graphics.
Please join us
at noon on:
Wednesday, Sept. 27
or
Friday, Sept. 29
The Daily is located in the Storke
Student Publications Building, across
from the Terman Engineering Building.
No experience is necessary; we'll train
you. For more information, call 725-
2100 and ask for Sarah, Andy, Jim or
Lindsey.
Where
are
you?
The Stanford Daily is holding informa
tion meetings for all students interest
ed in either writing, shooting photos,
proofreading, layout or graphics.
Please join us
at noon on:
Wednesday, Sept. 27
or
Friday, Sept. 29
The Daily is located in the Storke
Student Publications Building, across
from the Terman Engineering Building.
No experience is necessary; we'll train
you. For more information, call 725-
2100 and ask for Sarah, Andy, Jim or
Lindsey.
Where
are
you?
The Stanford Daily is holding informa
tion meetings for all students interest
ed in either writing, shooting photos,
proofreading, layout or graphics.
Please join us
at noon on:
Wednesday, Sept. 27
or
Friday, Sept. 29
The Daily is located in the Storke
Student Publications Building, across
from the Terman Engineering Building.
No experience is necessary; we'll train
you. For more information, call 725-
2100 and ask for Sarah, Andy, Jim or
Lindsey.
Where
are
you?
The Stanford Daily is holding informa
tion meetings for all students interest
ed in either writing, shooting photos,
proofreading, layout or graphics.
Please join us
at noon on:
Wednesday, Sept. 27
or
Friday, Sept. 29
The Daily is located in the Storke
Student Publications Building, across
from the Terman Engineering Building.
No experience is necessary; we'll train
you. For more information, call 725-
2100 and ask for Sarah, Andy, Jim or
Lindsey.
