# Insane Asylum Discussed in Next Issue of Cardinal
## 
### 
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
Why insane asylums are crowded for
room is thoroughly explained in the
coming issue of the Cardinal which
will be on sale on Quad Wednesday.
Archie Binns and Bob Binckley have
written a little dialogue between the
man who tried to found a university
and the man who had run one for
many years. Both of them have suf
fered the same sad fate. The ideal
state of existence is pictured by one
of them in a university where there
were only students and professors and
no restrictions.
Mervin Crobaugh has continued his
"Ideal Lives" in this number. Here the
young man indulges in all the major
sins before he has voted, thus giving
himself plenty of time for repentance.
The theme of the Cardinal in this
edition will be Armistice Day and in
carrying out this idea Dan Evans has
written a one-act play called "The
Gift." Captain Beach has contributed
an article on his "Recent Impressions
of France and Germany," having just
returned from these countries. He
knows the conditions in France and
Germany thoroughly and gives a clear
conception of popular opinion in those
countries.
Would you be willing to have all
your friends know your secrets if you
could hear all of theirs? This question
is dealt with in Gordon Bower's story
called, "The Third." The result is
fatal to the young lover in the story.
