# MUSSOLINI MAKES END OF OLD REGIME IN ITALIAN AFFAIRS
## 
### Camillo Cianfarra (By United Press 
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
(United Press Staff Correspondent)
ROME, Oct. 30. —Assumption of the
premiership by Renito Mussolini, lead
er of the Fascisti, marks the end of
the regime of twenty years of states
men of the old school and is the ad
vent of young blood in Italian affairs.
For the past twenty years the king
dom of Victor Emmanuel has been
governed by men who have practically
lost all notions as to the meaning of
democracy.
Every cabinet made a series of con
cessions to the radical elements. Dur
ing the war all sorts of impossible
promises, from the free distribution of
land to enfranchisement of the illiter
ate, were made tp the Italians in the
trenches.
