# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
No decisions were made on the
Schubert Club tryouts yesterday af
ternoon, owing to the small number
who tried out. The date for another
tryout will be announced soon and
all girls who can sing are urged to
be present then.
