# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
On account of the slackness of busi
ness after the football season the
store in the Encina Gym will not be
opened again this quarter, unless ad
vice to the contrary is obtained. Men
desiring gym outfits will have to get
them elsewhere.
