# Stratosphere Flight Put Off by Weather
## 
### 
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Sept. 30 (/Pi.
—Undesirable weather conditions
today forced delay in the third
stratosphere flight attempt by cap
tains Albert W. Stevens and Orvil
E. Anderson, leaving the take-off
date in doubt.
Officials at the National Geo
graphic Society-Army Air Corps
expedition base announced there was
no possibility of flight Tuesday.
