# ANTIOCH BANS RADIOS
## 
### 
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
Freshmen are forbidden to possess
radios in their rooms at Antioch
College, Ohio. The purpose of the
ban is to encourage studying.
