# TEAMS WILL PLAY SOCCER.
## Gymnasium Clasps Will Organize. Instructor Maloney Hopes to Develop Good Rugby Material. 
### 
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
It has been decided by Instructors
Long and Maloney of the Hygiene
department to organize soccer teams
from the various gymnasium classes.
The men have shown such a decided
interest in the soccer as played dur
ing the gymnasium hours that it was
suggested by certain members of the
classes that permanent teams be or
ganized. It is probable that four
teams will be formed; one from the
10:15 class, one from the 11:15 and
two from the afternoon classes.
Not only is it hoped that the men
will get beneficial exercise from the
game, but it has been found that good
soccer players usually make good
rugby players. In fact, soccer has
been found the best rugby school out
side of rugby itself. Instructor Ma
loney delieves that much good rugby
material will be developed in this
way. Teams will he organized in the
near future.
