# COTILLION TICKETS TO-MORROW.
## 
### 
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale to-morrow from (I to
2 o'clock, The Committee in eharire
ad'.iscs Hint all who intend going,
purchase (licit tickets at once in or
<!er to he sure of getting them.
