# ...sit around the Daily office and feel bored.
## 
### 
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
If you're interested in any aspect
of the Daily — news, sports,
photography, features, enter
tainment— call Brad Brockbankor
Mark Nassutti at the Daily (497-
4632). If they're not there, leave
your name and number and they'll

call you back.
Better yet, if you can make it,
come to the Daily office in the
Storke Student Publications Build
ing on Tuesday, June 5, from 1:30
to 4 p.m.
