# TOLMAN WILL SPEAK ON INVESTIGATION OF ST. FRANCIS DISASTER
## 
### 
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
Findings an the investigation of the
St. Francis Dam failura will he given
hy Professor C. F. Tolraan in an il
lustrated talk to the Engineering
School and others interested at 7:30
o'clock Wednesday evening in the
Assembly Hall. Tolman, who is pro
fessor of economic geology here, was
chairman of the investigating com
mitte appointed by the Department of
Water and Power ot the City of Los
Angeles to make a thorough study of
the dam failure.
The Department of Water an 1
Power has been at the disposal of
these men during their research, ar.l
everything has been done to make
the investigation thorough. Their
findings have been confidential until
March 12 when they signed the fin
ished report. Professor Tolman has
maps, cross sections, and slides to
illustrate what he has to say con
cerning this catastrophe in the Santa
Clara River Valley.
