# Theta Sigma Phi to Make Plans for Tea at Meeting
## 
### 
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
Theta Sigma Phi will hold an im
portant meeting today at 5 o'clock in
the Press Building to discuss plans
for the benefit bridge tea to be held
April 28. Hallie Keating, president,
urges all members to be present.
