# 'Bawlout' To Go On Sale Today in Auditor s Office
## 
### 
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
"The Directory of Officers and Stu
dents," otherwise known as the
"Bawlout," for the present quarter
will be placed on sale today in the
Auditor's Office on the second floor
of the Administration Building. The
usual price of fifteen cents will be
charged. The sale will continue for
several weeks.
