# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
Keystone
Hotel
54 Fourth Street
near Market
Next door to Argonaut
ROOMS 76c
With Private Bath, $1.25
176 Rooms
126 Baths
Fourth-street cars direct
from S. P. depot to Hotel
m
M
'. .■xi i
imml
