# New Building Cuts to Be Run in Quad
## 
### 
Pictures and descriptions of all the
new University buildings under con
struction or soon to he constructed,
will comprise one of the numerous
original features to he contained in
the 1918 Quad, it was announced
today.
These will he placed in a separate
department of the honk, to he known
as the "New Improvements Section,"
and will appear in no other publica
tion of any- kind, by special arrange
ment with the University architects,
Bakewell & Brown, George W. Kel
ham, and Louis C. Mullgardt. Where
actual photographs are unavailable,
cuts will be made from architect's
drawings, so that an idea of the com
pleted building may be gained.
F. J. Taylor, '18, will edit the sec
tion, which will contain illustrations
and write-ups of the new Art Museum,
Jewel Library, President's House,
Bandstand, Lane Hospital Addition,
Primary School, and of the new
women's house clubs which will re
place Rohle, and also of the new
Stanford Marine Biological Survey
Laboratory at Pacific Grove.
