# New Volumes Added to Library Shelves
## 
### 
"Addresses on International Sub
jects," by Elihu Root, published in
3 93G by the Harvard University Press,
is one of the latest books received by
the library this week. Published a
year or so ago, by the Princeton
Press, and distributed to the library
Monday is "Government of the Canal
Zone," by Colonel George W. Gocthals.
Two volumes, "Shakespeare on the
Stage," by William Winter, are new
books of value to students of English
literature. A description of Harvard
College, by an Oxonian, is another
book of interest received this week.
Amongst new additions to the
library shelves is the "Work of Aaron
Hill, Esq.," published in London in
1775. It is a book literally dealing
with all subjects, printed, as is stated
on the title page, "for the benefit of
the family."
