# Nestorians to Debate With Women's Society
## 
### 
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
Nestoria and the Women's Debating
Society are to hold an intersociety
debate tonight. Teams of three each
representing them clash tonight on
the question of the abandonment of
the Monroe Doctrine. The debate is
to be held in room 12 of the Law
building.
