# Sophomores and Freshmen to Meet in Debate Friday
## 
### 
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
Freshmen and sophomores hold
their annual debate in the Little The
ater on Friday next, March 16, at 3
p.m. Twelve minute speeches will be
held. The 1919 aggregation will up
hold the affirmative, and thevl92o the
negative of the question: "Resolved,
That industrial disputes arising in in
dustries employing more than one
hundred men should be subjected to
compulsory investigation with a com
pulsory award."
