# Mrs. Baumberger To Speak to 'Y'
## 
### 
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
Mrs. J. P. Baumberger, wife of
Professor Baumberger of the phys
iology department will speak on So
cial Work in War Time at the meet
ing of the Social Service Group to
be held this afternoon from 4 to 5
in the "Y" rooms.
