# Nippon Submarines Hit Bay of Bengal
## 
### 
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
CHUNGKING, Jan. 26 (UP). —
Japanese submarines have penetrat
ed the Bay of Bengal presumably as
part of operations to harrass Brit
ish communications lines between
Singapore and India, the Rangoon
radio said tonight. Two British ves
sels were sunk "without warning"
during the week-end, it was re
vealed, "with some loss of life."
