# Lagunita to Give Post-Game Dance
## 
### 
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
In accord with the winter quarter
stay on campus and have fun trend,
Lagunita Court will hold a dance
Saturday night after the U.C.L.A.
basketball game. It will be the first
informal party of this type to be
given by one of the women's resi
dences.
Records will furnish music for
dancing in the Lagunita lobby from
9:30 to 12, and the Eucalypto and
Magnolia social rooms will also be
open, to guests of the court. Light
refreshments will be served.
