# TEAMS CUT OFF
## 
### 
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
Although sports are supposed to be
stimulated during war time for pur
poses of physical improvement and
morale, N.Y.U. is about through with
football and U.S.C. has dropped three
minor sports from its schedule.
