# BULLETIN
## 
### 
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
LEWES, Del., Jan. 27 (UP).—
Survivors of two torpedoed Amer
ican tankers—the Frances E. Pow
ell and the Pan-Maine — were
landed at this small Delaware
fishing hamlet tonight.
There was no immediate an
nouncement of how many men had
been rescued.
Naval officers at the scene said
that "there are one or two
stretcher cases."'
