# Twist And Shout
## 
### 

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.

A Stanford Dollie unwinds from the
tension of four years on tin- Farm
among tin* hordes of joyful seniors
at the eSnior Shit'azz held in the
confines of Alpine Hills Country
Club Thursday night.
