# STUDENT MEMORIAL COMMITTEE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
Several new phases of the plans
for the Memorial student body work
will he announced and discussed at a
meeting of the student committee of
fifty to be held this evening at 8
o'clock at the Union. Ou account of
the coming assembly, L. E. Rogers as
chairman, is very anxious that all
members of the committee of fifty be
sure to attend this meeting.
Definite plans will be made as to
how the student campaign will be
handled on the campus, as this prob
lem has entailed considerable work
on the part of the executive commit
tee, who will render their first report
tonight. On account of the many
drives which have been held on the
campus in the past months, the com
mittee realizes the dimculties which
must oe met in the Memorial Fund
plans indue justice to the student
themselves.
