# Joffre Argument Topic is Chosen
## Question Mailed to Dr. Wilbur to Be Opened on Friday Evening 
### 
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
Professor J. Milton O'Neil of Wis
consin has mailed the specific ques
tion for the Joffre debate with Cali
fornia to President Wilbur, accord
ing to notice received from the Wis
consin Unifersity, Coach McClintock
announced today. O'Niel selected this
question from the general subject,
"The N Future Colonial Policy of
France," on which the Stanford and
California squads have been prepar
ing.
The exact proposition to be debated,
however, will remain under seal until
the night of the debate, Friday, April
25; and will not be known to the
speakers until (5 o'clock on that even
ing. The debaters will then draw for
sides on which to argue, and for the
order of presentations, after which
each speaker will proceed to a sep
arate room where he is allowed two
hours' time for the preparation on an
argument.
During this time the members of
the trios are not permitted to consult
with any one, nor among themselves.
They may make use of only what ma
terial they have with them, access to
libraries and similar aids being de
nied. The debators may not leave
the rooms assigned till 8 o'clock, at
which time they come together on the
Assembly Hall platform to begin the
discussion.
The present Stanford Joffre team is
considered a very competent one, be
ing composed of H. G. Hlote, '18, G. J.
Knight, '19, and W. F. Leiser, '21;
but inasmuch as California sends two
of her last year's men —W. M. Green
and J. J. Posner —particularly keen
competition for the medal is expected.
