# Roble Fancy Dress Party.
## 
### 
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
The Fancy Dress Party at Roble
Saturday evening was one of the
most successful social events ever
held there. The main purpose of
the gathering was the extension of
acquaintanceships among women
of the University. The faculty
ladies were well represented and a
liberal estimate places the entire
attendance at fully four hundred.
From eight o'clock until midnight
festivities continued, the company
finding enjoyment in greeting the
new creations of woman's ingenuity
in dress, and witnessing the per
formance of several specialties in
the cake-walk line.
