# Died in Canada.
## 
### 
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
Joseph Antisell Allen, the father
of Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, died yes
terday at Kingston, Ontario. Like
his son, the late Grant Allen, he
was a man of great intellectual
ability, being known throughout
Canada as a writer and public
speaker.
