# Stanford Marriage.
## 
### 
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
In Chicago Thursday, Miss Grace
Eleanor Clark, ex-'96, of San Fran
cisco was united in marriage to 11.
N. Strohn, '98, of Los Angeles.

Mr. and Mrs. Stroll 11 will be for
some weeks at different points of
interest in the East, after which
they will make their home in La
Grange, Illinois, where Mr. Strohn
is connected with a large gas and
electric concern.
