# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## Paulman Gains Against the Huskies 
### 

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)

Bill Paulman (1(>). Stanford quarterback, is shown getting started behind good interference in the Cardi
nal-Washington game at Seattle Saturday. Joe Vigna (17). Indian right half, is helping out. Lazarevich,
Husky right end, is reaching out his hand for Paulman. (Associated Press Photo.)
