# KILLER RECAPTURED
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28 (/P).—Henry J.
(Midget) Fernekes, diminutive killer
who escaped from the Illinois Peni
tentiary at Joliet last August 3, was
captured today on the north side of
the city. Trailed for two days by
Captain Daniel Gilbert, chief of the
state attorney's police, the 37-year
old outlaw was finally seized.
