# Oil Magnate's Will Filed for Probate
## 
### 
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
RIVERHEAD, N.Y., Oct. 28 (#»).
—The will of the late Henry Hud
dleston Rogers Jr., Standard Oil
magnate, was admitted to probate
today after counsel for Henry Hud
dleston Rogers 111 said he would not
file objections.
The will, disposing of an estate
estimated at $26,000,000, cut young
Rogers off with the income from a
$500,000 trust fund, which reverts to
the estate after his death.
