# "UNLOADED GUN" KILLS
## 
### 
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Nov. 19. (JP)
—Bernard Kempa, aged two, was shot
and killed today with a gun in the
hands of his eight-year-old brother,
George, who thought the gun was un
loaded.
