# DECREASE IN NUMBER OF SMOKE-UPS ISSUED
## 
### 
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
Smoko-ups sent to failing students
total 330 this quarter, as compared
with 407 for the Autumn quarter of
last year, reports Mrs. Margaret Hus
ton, socretary of the committee on
scholarship.
Freshmen received 78 of these, in
cluding 33 of the total of 57 which
wore sent for deficiency in more than
one subject.
The decrease of the total from 407
to 3XO is the most noteworthy feature
of the report, though it may be due,
in part., to the decreased size of the
fresbauin class, Mrs. Huston said.
