# HOFFMAN TO BE SPEAKER AT BIG GAME ASSEMBLY
## Staley-Spaulding "Cards" To Play; Men's Glee Club Also on Program 
### 
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
Captain "Biff" Hoffman and "Rab
bit" Bradshaw, new assistant basket
ball coach, have been procured as ad
ditional speakers for the annual ex
change "good-will" assembly with
California to be held tomorrow morn
ing at 9 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.

The special speaker will be Ches
ter Zinn, president of the Associated
Students at U.C., who will bring the
"good-will" message to Stanford from
Berkeley. Phil Cavalero, A.S.S.U.
president, will talk at an exchange
"good will" assembly at U.C. Friday.

Dink Templeton, track coach, will
give a "fight" talk, at the assembly
tomorrow, and Staley-Spaulding's
"Cards" will play between speeches.
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
conclude the program with Cardinal
songs. The yell leaders will be on
hand in order to lead some songs and
yells.
This will be the fourth U.C.-Stan
ford "good-will" assembly. The tradi
tion is a triangular one upheld by
U.S.C., California, and Stanford, and
was begun in 1924 to further a friend
ly spirit between the respective
schools. Robert Behlow, president of
the U.S.C. students, spoke here at an
assembly the week before the Card-
Trojan game this year, and Cavalero
spoke at an assembly in the South.
