# Adv. 26 Page 9
## 
### 
ANNOUNCEMENTS ■ COMPUTERS
Annual Holiday Boutique
benefitting Packard Children's
Hospital Fri Nov 15, 3pm-spm
Sat Nov 16, 10am-Ipm. Featuring
large donation of brand new
Holiday items at bargain prices
plus clothing, houseware, giftware,
collectibles and books from
regular stock. From Sandhill Rd
or Campus Dr. West Turn on
Stock Farm Rd. Go one block to
472 Oak Rd (at corner) CASH ONLY
650-497-8591
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
aAA A A JIA*! I lAH •11" P1 L*J *11 L # JIKM* Jlll
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $1,950 650-961 -5967
92 Isuzu Rodeo 4X4, Blk, Lrg Tir
GrtCnd! $325Q/080650-529-1451
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Egg Donor, $10,000 reward
A couple in search of a smart,
under 30, Caucasian, beautiful,
good medical history. Please
include life history and a
picture.High SAT/GPA
e_donor@yahoo.com
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BUResearcher@aol.com
