# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
Clyde Jeffrey, outstanding
sprinter, last night was elected
captain of the Stanford varsity
track team for next > car. Jeffrey
transferred this year as a junior
from Riverside J.C.
