# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.

JUSTICE WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS lies on a hospital table at
Yakima, Wash., ready to be X-rayed. Hospital orderly Leonard
Leburg attends him. Douglas was injured seriously in a fall
from a horse in Washington's Cascade Mountains. X-rays
showed at least 13 ribs broken and his right lung punctured.
