# Art Scholarships Offered Students
## 
### 
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
The Huntington Hartford Foun
dation, a California philanthropy,
: has announced plans to award ap
proximately seven scholarships to
students desiring advanced studies
in the fine arts.
The students, particularly prom
ising in the fields of writing, paint

ing, or music, are to be selected
from California colleges and univer
sities. The awards will be in the
form of cash stipends ranging from
$500 to $1,000, and will enable stu
dents to continue their studies in
Los Angeles at the newly estab
lished Foundation
