# ATOMIC BOMB
## 
### 
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.—
(UP). —A few of the foster-fathers
of atomic power warned today that
foreign scientists probably will dup
licate their efforts in a few years
and asked peace-loving nations to
take their unruly offspring in
charge lest it destroy the world.
The group, which worked at the
Clinton Laboratories at nearby Oak
Ridge, Tenn., on development of the i
atomic bombs used against Japan, j
announced organization of the As
sociation of Oak Ridge Scientists
and at the same time issued their
first joint statement.
In it they called for the estab- |
lishment of an international au
thority for control of the atomic
bomb, with "adequate safeguards to
prevent exploitation by any one na
tion.'
