# DAILY BEAT LIST
## 
### 
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
Daily staff members are reminded
that the beat list has been posted
in the Shack. Sign-ups will con
tinue through the week, according
to Managing Editor Nada Skidmore.
