# AST Echoes
## 
### 
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
After a very dead four weeks, the
boys who camp down at Encinasyl
um welcome back all the Roughs,
coeds, and the tender, innocent new
freshmen women. We, who are will
ing to do our part in adjusting the
Frosh to campus life, will be glad
to arrange tours of the Quad by
moonlight. Any coeds interested in
this opportunity may contact Joey
C. Heidelberg. However, in this de
partment, the ASTP is greatly handi
capped by the departure of Sek,
