# First KSU Show To Star Weaver
## 
### 
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
Doodles Weaver, currently star
ring in the Spike Jones "Musical
Depreciation" show at the Curran
Theater in San Francisco, will high
light KSU's return to the airwaves
Wednesday afternoon at Memorial
Hall. Weaver, whose undergraduate
antics at Stanford are a legend,
promises a half-hour of his comedy
routines, according to Steve Phil
lips, station manager.
Several former grid greats of
Stanford have also been tentatively
lined up for the initial show.
Initiated by Bill Eilers last Janu
ary, KSU now operates on a, night
ly schedule from 7 to midnight.
During the summer, a new RCA
control board was installed, which
means improved listening for all
Stanford students.
Operating on a carrier - current
basis, reception is limited to Stan
ford living groups. Day Sanders,
KSU chief engineer, states that the
student-operated station will broad
cast from 880 on the radio dial.
Steve Phillips replaces Bill Eilers
as station manager. Other executive
posts include Paula Jones, program
director; Ray Sanders, chief engi
neer; and Art Levinson, station re
lations manager.
