# Student Body President Welcomes New Freshmen
## 
### 
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
(Editor's note: The following
message is directed to the Class
of '51 by ASSU President Tom
Mart/loll.)
To nl 1 new Injuns and maids:
Welcome! The pre - registration
program is for YOU. It affords you
the chance to arm yourself with in
formation ranging from proper reg
istration and study progain proce
dure, to answers for your individual
problems from your sponsors. Now's
your chance to acquaint yourself
with Stanford — its administrative
and student leaders, its rich tradi
tions, its campus buildings and
landmarks, and its Class of '51—
your classmates. The group singing,
the rally, and finally the opening
game with Idaho will offer Stanford
Spirit—yours for the asking. This is
YOUR opportunity . . . don't waste
it!


THOMAS H. MARTZLOFF
