# YANKS FAVORED FOR SERIES
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. lifi (UP). Bet
ting Commissioner James J. far
roll today made the New York Yan
kees !) to 20 favorites to win the
World Series. He quoted the Dodg
ers at i) to 5.
