# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
l \ w
. Y\ V\
More
Couples
com# to
Carlyle Jewelers
for th«ir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared arid
have found that Carlylc's
pri-ces are never higher —
and In most instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Si>op Thursday niplit 'hi Q
