# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
il ASSU SENATE
The first meeting of the
Summer Senate will be on
Monday night, July 9. It
will be held in the small
lounge, Room 282, upstairs
in Tresidder Union at 7:30.
