# McKELVEY TO TRY FOR SWIM RECORD IN WATER CARNIVAL
## 
### 
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
Probably the most spectacular
program ever to be put on in the
Encina Pools will be presented Sat
urday afternoon at 2 o'clock when
the Junior Water Carnival and
Stanford Relays will be combined
into one event. Talent assembled
for the affair includes three Nation
al Intercollegiate champions, to
gether with one world champion
diver. An attempt to assault the
world's record for 50 yards in a
20-yard tank will be made by John
McKelvey, present holder of the
National Intercollegiate record.
Possibility of shattering Weiss -
muller's time of 22.8 was raised (o
a practical certainty when McKel
vey, in an unofficial trial attempt
last Friday afternoon, swam the
distance in 22.2, which is some six
tenths seconds better than the world
champion's time. A.A.U. officials
will be on hand to record the time
as official if the try is successful,
according to Assistant Coach Nor
ton Thornton.
