# FINAL MOOT COURT HELD TOMORROW
## 
### 
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
With briefs for the trial com
pleted, the final round of the Stan
ford Law Sehool moot court i:
drawing to a close. Perry Churchill
and Douglas Clark Gregg will mee
Marvin Handler and Lucicn. Shaw
tomorrow night.
The trial will be held following
the Stanford Law Association ban
quet in the Old Union at 6 o'clock.
John W. Shenk, Justice of the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, Robert
Goodell, San Francisco Superior
Court judge, and Francis V. Kecs
ling, prominent San Francisco at
torney, will compose the bench of
judges which will hear the case
climaxing a year of competitive ef
fort.
Employee Case
The case on which arguments and
precedent have been prepared in
volves the transfer of an employee's
stock in an organization after the
death of the employee. The point at
issue is whether such a transfer
would be testamentary or not.
At the law banquet Francis V.
Keesling will be the chief speaker
of the evening. His topic is un
announced.
Coif lo Fleet
Approximately 10 per cent of the
graduating class of the law school
will be admitted to the Order of
the Coif, ancient legal fraternity.
Admittance to the fraternity is
made on the basis of scholarship
and character. Besides this, mem
bers of the moot court board for
next year will be named.
When the first round of moot
court began last fall, 18 potential
lawyers were entered. Four trials
during fall quarter disposed of eight
contestants. Six more were elimi
nated during spring quarter. Of the
remaining four, two will have their
names engraved on the moot court
plate which hangs in the Law Li
brary.
