# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEH'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE HLANCIIART.
Office hours—i) to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
