# MEN OF ENCINA WILL BE ENTERTAINED BY FACULTY
## 
### 
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
The men of Eneina Club will be
entertained by the Faculty next Fri
day evening at the Faculty Club
House. This is the annual affair
given in return to the Encina recep
tion and smoker to the Faculty.
Dinner will he served at sharp.
Following will come (lie smoker and
reception. A short program lias been
arranged, the feature of which i3 a
skit presented by members of (lie
Faculty. The usual bonfire and out
door session will close the evening.
