# Cambridge Scholar To Talk Tomorrow
## 
### 
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
"Shakespeare, Beethoven, and
Dostoievsky" is the subject of a
lecture to be given by Reginald
Pole for the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in Memorial
Hall at 7:30 o'clock.
Reginald Pole, born in Japan and
educated in England, is a Prizeman
of Cambridge University in the
reading of English literature. He
also held an open musical scholar
ship in King's College, Cambridge,
where he took his degree.
