# Chamber Music Scheduled Sunday
## 
### 
The Stanford Music Department
will present its second chamber mu
sic concert of the season at 4 p.m.
Sunday in Cubberley Auditorium.
Professor Sandor Salgo will direct
the program.
In the first half of the program,
Brahms' Sonata in G Major for Vio
lin and Piano, Opus 78, will be per
formed by Barbara Arm Garvey,
violinist, and John Hunt, pianist.
John Ko 1 a ri k , trombonist,, and
Wayne Nadeux, pianist, will play
Hindeniith's Sonata lor Trombone
and Piano.
Alter the intermission, Professor
Harold C. Schmidt will direct a cho
ral ensemble singing "La Naissance
de Venus" and "Cantique du Rhone"
by Darius Milhaud. Concluding the
program, Professor Salgo will direct
a 19-piece string ensemble and Pro
fessor Putnam C. Aldrich will play
the harpsichord in Vivaldi's Con
certo for Strings and Harpsichord.
No admission will be charged and
the concert is open to the public.
