# Japanese Student To Speak at Lagunita
## 
### 
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
Mukato FujitJi, «n outstanding
Japanese student now traveling for
the World Student Service Fund,
will be at Stanford today and will
speak at Lagunita at 1:15 p.m.
