# Judge Frees Farm Young Republicans
## 
### 
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
Stanford Young Republicans John
Bogg and John Blom, charged with
tearing down a "Taggart. for Con
gress" sign in Pod wood City during
the heat of the campaign several
weeks ago. were freed of a "mali
cious mischief" count yesterday.
Redwood City Policc Judge W. H.
Thorpe dismissed the charge after
a statement to the court by Harold
F. Taggart's Democratic campaign
manager that "We're all one happy
family now."
