# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
BRIDGE SECTION of the Stanford
Dames will meet tonight at 8 at
the home of Mrs. Elbert Earl, 753
Frenchman's Road. Wives of army
men at Stanford are invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZA
TION will hold its regular weekly
meeting in the Y.W.C.A. room on
the top floor of the Women's Club
house at 8 o'clock. All those in
terested are invited to attend.
