# Adv. 15 Page 7
## 
### 
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
Tony's Bike Sh op
Welcomes You
To Our
Neighb o.
We'll help you
find used bikes,
new bikes, or mopeds
and we're glad
to fix 'em up.
Call Tony, Lib, or Ed
493-7744
or come and see us
4151 El Camino Way
Palo Alto
