# NEW FRATERNITY FORMED
## 
### 
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
Kappa Phi Alpha, professional and
social engineering fraternity which
plans to nationalize within the next
three years, has been organized by
eleven juniors and seniors in the
Northwestern School of Engineering.
This fraternity would be one of the
few national organizations that would
combine the professional and social
standards.
