# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
Members of the senior class of
Northwestern University entertained
the junior class members at a hobo
party.
