# "Palo Alto" Staff Meets.
## 
### 
After the Carnival last Friday
night the Daily Palo Alto staff
held a "jolly-up" at the Kappa
Sigma house, at the invitation of
Frank Hinman, editor last fall,
Roy O. Hadley, the present editor,
and J. A. Quelle, business manager.
At the close of supper each one
present wa√ü called on for an im
promptu toast. In addition to the
men who have worked on the paper
this year, the editors of the other
student publications, and the cor
respondents for outside papers were
present. Those of the Daily staff
were: Thoreau Cronyn, managing
editor; H. M. Leftis and Waldemar
Young, news editor; C. J. Crary, T.
E. Stephenson, O. A. Wilson, R. V.
Anderson, R. H. Kimball, F. W.
Powell, and C. W. Thomas, asso
ciates; B. C. Dey, F. B. Wagner, 11.
D. Fleming, O. Du F. Kehrlein, A.
A. Hampsoji, and E. B. Favre,
assistants. The guests were J. K.
Bonnell, Sequoia; R. E. Renaud,
Quad and Chappie; Isaac Russell,
Chappie and Quad; A. E. Cooley,
The Call; K. E. Wigle, The Exam
iner, and Larrey MacF. Bowman.
