# Harvard Wins Shoot
## 
### 
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
The seventh annual Intercollegi
ate Gun Shoot was won by Har
vard with a total of 210 kills out of
a possible 250. Teams of five men
each were entered from Princeton,
Yale, Harvard, and the University
of Pennsylvania. In previous years
the shoot has been won three times
by Yale, twice by Princeton, and
one each by Harvard and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. The
weather conditions for shooting
were poor, the sky being dull and
threatening. The conditions of the
shoot were fifty clay pigeons per
man, under the rapid fire system,
at unknown angles. The Harvard
team won by consistent shooting,
leading Yale by fifteen birds and
Princeton by thirty-two.
