# FRED RINDGE TO TALK ON "INDUSTRIAL HUMANICS"
## 
### 
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
Fred H. Rtnage, Jr., secretary of the
International Service movement will
speak on "Industrial Humanics" at a
gathering of the Sociological Club to
morrow evening at eight o'clock, in
room 225. Rindge is a traveling rep
resentative who devotes his entire
time to visiting colleges and universi
ties of the United States in an attempt
to interest undergraduates in indus
trial service work.
Rindge will speak to the classes in
economics and education next Friday
morning, and also to the law and en
gineering students in the afternoon.
The meeting of the Sociological Club
will be open to all who care to attend.
