# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
Chancelor Jordan spoke at a lun
cheon given by the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento yesterday.
