# Men's Sponsors' Interviews Due
## 
### 
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
Applicants for next year's Mon's
Halls sponsors should make their in
terview appointments as soon as pos
sible. Oily Norvillr, member of the
men's sponsor choosing Committee,
said yesterday.
Interviews will be held in the En
cina office.
