# Religious Notices
## 
### 
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
INTER-FAITH COUNCIL will meet
tonight at 8 in the vestry of the
Church lor the election of offi
cers.
