# Reg Dance Bids Still Accepted
## 
### 
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
Applications for next fall quar
ter's rcg dance will be accepted un
til May 17 in the ASSU Offiec.
Applications must include infor
mation on the theme of the dance,
type of decorations, place of the
dance, type of orchestra, tentative
budget, planned entertainment, fi
nancial need of the organization,
and the purpose for which the pro
ceeds of the dance will be used.
Activities Board will review all
applications and recommend to Kx
com an organization to sponsor the
dance.
