# CALL FOR '43 QUADS
## 
### 
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
The ASSU office still has some 1943
Quads that were bought but have not
yet been called for. Students must
pick up their Quads this week or else
they will go to the next on the wait
ing list.
