# Dr. Bailey Leaves For Harvard Post
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey has taken a
leave of absence for the current aca
demic year in order to teach the win
er and spring semesters, Nov. 1,
1941! to June 30, 1944, at Harvard
University. He left Palo Alto yester
day.
He will offer a general lecture
course on United States history; an
advanced lecture course on his spe
cialty, the diplomatic history of the
United States; and a seminar in dip
lomatic history. One of the lecture
courses will be repeated in Rad
cliffe College.
Professor Bailey expects to spend
some of his time putting the final
touches on a manuscript, "Woodrow
Wilson and the Peace That Failed,"
and to continue work on the com
panion volume, "The United States
and the Breakdown of Collective Se
curity."
