# Once Around the Quad
## Student Activities LOS ARCOS 
### 
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
Los Artos Eating Club will meet
tonight at (J:45 in the Toyon TV
room.
