# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Nancy Heyneman, '51,
to Austin Mitchell Woodward, '49,
Claremont Men's College of Pasa
dena.
