# FIRE AT QUARRY
## 
### 
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
Stanford firemen extinguished an
electric motor fire in the workshop
at the quarry on Page Mill Road
yesterday afternoon. Damage was
slight.
