# Clubs Will Greet Frosh Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 in the
main lobby of Toyon Hall, Stanford's
•-even eating clubs will host men of
the class of 54 in their annual open
house, signifying the start of the
informal rushing program.
This is the first opportunity fresh
men will have to rpeet all the mem
bers of the clubs anH question them
as to what each club has to offer.
If one or more of the clubs interests
a freshman, he will he able to ar
range to eat with thai club so as to
become better acquainted with its
members.
Each club will have a table in the
Toyon lobby displaying trophies, pic
tures. and information about its var
ious activities. The seven clubs in
"lude Los Arcos. Breakers, El Capi
tan, El Campo, El Cuadro, El Tigre,
and El Toro.
Refreshments will be served at the
open house. In addition to Thurs
day's event, another open house
sponsored by Intcrclub Council will
be held on Jan. 17.
