# Naval Expansion
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. !) — The
House Armed Services Committee
unanimously approved a bill today
authorizing • a two - billion - dollar
Navy shipbuilding and moderniza
tion program, including a 57,000-ton
super carrier capablc of handling
atomic bombers.
The measure provides for 17.'5 new
ships and conversion of 291 others.
The action came as the Navy an
nounced it will call 41,000 enlisted
reserves to active scrvicc in April,
May, and June.
Simultaneously, the Defense De
partment asked Congress for a big
expansion of the college ROTC pro
cram. Under the plan, college stu
dents who agree to acccpt regular
commissions after graduation would
get up to $000 a year toward tuition
and fees, plus $60 a month living
allowance.
