# Colleges Observe 10th Students' Da[illegible]
## 
### 
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
Today is the tenth anniversary
International Students' Day, c»
bra ted in most universities throu
out the world.
Ten years ago thday all Cz<
universities were closed, univen
buildings occupied and ransacl
by German troops, dormitories ra
od, occupants loaded into tru<
bound for concentration camps, a
nine students executed at dawn.
