# DANCE BIDS SELLING
## 
### 
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
Big Game Dance tickets are still
available in the ASSU office. The
price is $4.80 for couples to dance
to the music of Harry James in the
Pavilion from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Sat
urday.
