# NOMINATING ASSEMBLY
## 
### 
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
"A nominating assembly for the pur
pose of making nominations shall be
held at least three university days be
fore the February and June elections
and shall be duly advertised for one
week. At this meeting candidates for
the various offices of the association
may be placed in nomination from the
floor by any active member thereof.
Two hundred members will constitute a
quorum. Articles conflicting with this
provision are hereby repealed." 4
