# Big "C" Sirkus Will Shift to Bi-Annually
## 
### 
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
The Rig "C" Socicty of (he University
of California decided against retaining
the Big "C" Sirkus as an annual insti
tution, at a meeting held yesterday. The
decision was reached because of the fact
that previous committee. have spent
practically all their time on the Sirkns,
and it was felt that University sanction
would be difficult to obtain because of
the interference with studies. The so
city decided to allow a two-year in
terval to elapse between performances.
