# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
ALL ALONE— |
Yes sir, this strong and smooth
now fabric sKinds alone! Ask
the man who wears—
GABARDINE!
Sport Coats $17.50
Stacks $10
Suits $32
G
SEE THEM AT—
Rom Brcxs
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 12 fo 8 P.M.
