# SARAZEN MAY WIN
## 
### 
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
NKW YORK, May 16 (/P).—To Ihc
surprise of nobody, stocky Gene
Sarazen, the "double eagle kid," is a
prime favorite in the future books to
regain the United States Open Golf
championship this June at Oakmont.
