# LAWRENCE WORSE
## 
### 
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
WOOL, Dorsetshire, Eng., May 16
P). —Colonel T. E. Lawrence, the
med Lawrence of Arabia, was
'adually growing weaker this eve
ng with slight hope held for his
Icovery from injuries suffered in
i accident Monday.
