# Adv. 3 Page 5
## 
### 
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
DIABETES.
HEART DISEASE
ASTHMA.
DEPRESSION.
What do these
Illnesses have
In commonP
Unirviitvd, they can b«
deadly. Dvprvtklon It a
duvAte, not a weakn««tt,
and can lead to »ulcid«.
Fortunately, d«pr«k»lon can
Dei^ression
■Ti nt It
iir.
