# Adv. 12 Page 8
## 
### 
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Tickle
a friend;
stab
« !
an enemy
WITH A
PERSONAL
*)
You've never seen
anything like it..
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
