# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
Ii
■we'll be on the campus.
November 13
to discuss your future
at Boeing
