# Indoor Hockey Team Will Again Train at Tait's
## 
### 
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
Ice hockey will be continued as a
Stanford sport, according to announce
ment made today.
Organization for the present se
mester will take place the early part
of next week and arrangements for
the use of Tait's rink in San Fran
cisco will be made, probably the same
as last term.
Resides contests with high schools
and city club teams, varsity games
with California have been scheduled.
