# Adv. 55 Page 17
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
CHILDCARE
Babysitter Needed. P/T (15-25
hrs/wk, flex, mostly aft.), smi
from campus, for 2 fun boys 4 &
7 Must drive (our car), have exp.
& exc. refs. 760-0312 (Iv msg).
EDITING/WP
THE WRITER'S PLACE • 853-9673
Expect Top Quality Here & Get It
EDITING by technical writer.
Ensure grammar, coherence.
Email: auehara@aol.com
Editor/Writer, Ph.D.
Edited 70+ books for UC Press,
Stanford, Oxford, Sierra Club
Also Theses, essays, etc.
650-233-9333
FOR SALE
BEDS TWIN/FULL $79. KING.
QUEEN $119 DAY/BUNK BED.
510-745-0900.
HELP WANTED
Marketing Assistant Internship
eSports.com, a Web-based start
up focused on recreational
sports, is seeking creative and
energetic business students to
participate in marketing-related
activities, such as competitive
and market analyses. Interested?
If so, please fax a resume and
cover letter to 650-372-3338 or
email |obs@esports.com. (Please
include job reference #: MA001)
Summer job—work outdoors
with kids! West Los Angeles day
camp hiring staff for summer
positions. 310-399-2267
