# Adv. 32 Page 5
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around (he
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
