# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
I)i<l you know that we arc Magnavox
specialist;,? Wc'ir the only factory ap
proved service in tlic Palo Alto aria on
Magnavox radios, phonographs, and tele
vision.
We can give you expert service on all
makes of Television, Home and Ante
Radios, Phonographs, Record Changers,
and Recorders.
Kach of our technicians has had over 12
years of continuous experience in this
work.
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
367 University Ave. DA 5-3701
Peninsula's Largest Record Shop
