# Adv. 44 Page 6
## 
### 
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
_ —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
tcrviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
af
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
