# Elementary School To Hold Field Day
## 
### 
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
The Stanford Elementary School
will hold a Field Day today from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Activities will include sale of
baked goods, hooks, records, rum
j mage, and "white elephants."
