# German Delegate Rejects Schedule Of Allied Nations
## Dr. Schacht Declares Plan For Annuities Exceeds Ability to Pay 
### 
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
PARIS, April 16. (/P) —Dr. Hjalrnar
Schacht, chief of the German delega
tion to the second Dawes committee,
today told his colleagues on the com
mittee that the schedule of repara
tions annuities demanded by the al
lied nations exceeded Germany's
capacity to pay. He promised to pre
sent figures of his own tomorrow,
which will be discussed in connection
with a memorandum presented by the
creditor nations on Saturday.
Dr. Schacht's stand was received in
some quarters as merely representing
the viewpoint of the German govern
ment which was to be considered by
the reparations experts together with
the viewpoint of the allies, and in
others as a rejection of the allied fig
ures.
The attitude of the German delega
tion was understood by some of the
experts as indicating that the allied
memorandum should be considered as
only one step in the negotiations. By
this view the figures that the German
delegation will present tomorrow aro
intended to enable the committee to
compare the two sets of figures be
fore taking another step forward.
The chief of the German delegation
told the experts this morning that
Germany's borrowings abroad since
the Dawes plan went into operation
exceeded her payments to the allies,
that there was a considerable deficit
in the balance of trade to her detri
ment and that altogether the annui
ties proposed by the allies went be
yond Germany's ability to pay without
further borrowing.
