# Plans Long Flight
## 
### 

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.

Backed by Tacoma capitalists,
Harold Bromley, Tacoma, Wash.,
has announced he will attempt to
6pan the Pacific, in a non-stop
flight from Tacoma to Tokyo.
