# Cornell to Offer Research Grants
## 
### 
The Graduate School of Cornell
University is offering several fel
lowships and scholarships for grad
uate students interested in agricul
tural research, both fundamental and
applied. Students applying for these
fellowships and scholarships should
be well trained in the basic funda
mental sciences.
Graduation from a college of ag
riculture and training in specific
applied fields of agriculture are not
necessary requirements. Students in
terested should consult the an
nouncement of the Graduate School.
Blank forms of application for
these fellowships and scholarships,
as well as for admission to the Grad
uate School, may be obtained from
the Dean of the Graduate School,
Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y.
