# CARDS AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
Cards for the fourth rushing pe
riod. Friday and Saturday. January
23 and 24, will be available to fra
ternity rushing chairmen Monday
morning in the A.S.S.U. ofHce, ac
cording to Jim Haugh. interfrater
nity president.
