# U.S. Announces Plans For Huge Army, AEF; Singapore Reinforced
## Fresh Aussie Troops Enter Malay Battle 
### 
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
SINGAPORE, Fri., Jan. 15 (UP).—
Fresh Australian troops have been
thrown into the battle for defense of
this vital British naval base, it was
announced officially today, and have
scored initial victories over the ad
vance guard of Japanese hordes
swarming southward.
The Australians have gone into
action in a number of sectors and
have scored relatively important
local successes, an official dispatch
from the front said, adding that op
erations are continuing according to
plan.
An earlier official dispatch, sent
from the front late yesterday, said
that advance elements of the Aus
tralian forces had attacked and de
feated a small Japanese column of
infantry and tanks in the eastern
part of Negri Sembilan Province,
about 125 miles northwest of Singa
pore.
