# War Supply Czar
## 
### 

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.

PRESIDENT Roosevelt's new war
supply czar, Donald M. Nelson,
who'll tell American industry
when, what, and how much to do.
He has been serving as executive
director of the Supply Priorities
and Allocations Board.
