# D.G. ANNOUNCES
## 
### 
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Lorraine Murray, '43, to
Chet Dennis, '43.
