# Civilian Defense Council to Meet
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
Members of the Stanford Civilian
Defense Council will meet today at
4 p.m. in Room 161 A, Administra
tion Building to make final plans
for the first complete rehearsal
blackout. The meeting was an
nounced by Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson, co-chairman of the Stan
ford Civilian Defense Committee.
Reports will be made by the air
wardens, firemen, and heads of the
civilian defense districts, and the
committee will discuss the co-ordi
nation of defense work and commit
tees in preparation for blackouts
that, will follow. At the beginning
of the quarter Stanford was divided
into 26 civilian defense districts,
each governed by an air raid warden
and his stafT.
The defense council is composed
of faculty members appointed by
President Ray Lyman Wilbur, and
students selected by the A.S.S.U. to
represent the student body. Pro
fessor Robinson and Frank F.
Walker, financial vice - president,
are co-chairmen of the Civilian De
fense Committee.
