# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
YOUNG WONEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Anyone wishing student help for the
summer must apply at once. The As
sociation agency is closed after May
6th. Apply
LESLIE BLANCHAHT.
Office hours—9 to 12 m. daily Woman's
Rest Room.
Phone—Local 148.
