# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
Three University of Wisconsin stu
dents are on trial for dancing the
"grapevine tango."
