# Deadline Extended On Senior Programs
## 
### 
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
The deadline for ordering senior
graduation programs and an
nouncements has been extended
for a short time, according to an
announcement from Carol Rhodes,
chairman of the committee. An
nouncements sell for 10 cents
apiece, programs for $1 apiece.
Payment is made at the time the
order is placed, according to
Chairman Rhodes.
