# INTERCOLLEGIATE SQUAD OF DEBATERS IS CHOSEN
## Promising New Material Developed During Course of Successful Try-Outs. 
### 
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
The try-out yesterday for the Inter
collegiate Debating squad was one of
the most successful ever held, in view
of the new material which was brought
to light. The six men who were chosen
are A. F. Coyle, '15; A. J. Hettinger,
'10; A. E. Steadman, '16; W. L. Miller,
'17; E. Sanden, 'IS, and M. Crobaugh,
*18.
Only the first two of these men have
ever been on a Stanford debating team
before. Both Coyle and Hettinger have
been members of the intercollegiate,
tri-state, and Carnot teams.
These men will be coached by W. B.
Owens, '14, during the time before the
contest with California, and three of
them will finally be chosen to repre
sent Stanford.
The debating committee wishes to
thank Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son, Assistant Professor H. C. Brown,
and Professor Cheadle for their ser
vices as judges.
