# May Settle Disagreement in Mexico.
## 
### 
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
Washington, Oct. I.—lf the peace
conference between Villa and C'arran
za, scheduled to take place at Zacate
cas today does not immediately settle
(he differences, the Constitutionalists
believe that the disputants will agree
to an armistice, pending further nego
tiations, and are confident that the
matter will be finally adjusted.
