# Austrian Indemnity to Fishermen.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Home, Oct. 1. —It is reported that
Austria has offered to pay an indem
nity to the families of the fishermen
who perished in the boats sunk by
mines in the last few days, allowing
Italy to fix the amounts. The reports
that an Italian torpedo boat has been
sunk are unconfirmed. It is unknown
whether Austria has agreed to stop
m'ning. There is much anti-Austrian
agitation here and party leaders are
urging an immediate declaration of
war.
