# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
INSTRUCTION
Bridge
BRIDGE LESSONS for begin
ning or intermediate players
by Intercollegiate Bridge Cham
pion. $2 per lesson; special
group rates. Don Krauss, DA [
6-7654.
Tutoring
FRENCH grammar, translation;;
review for Ph.D. Louise Dek
ker, 2150 Amherst, DA 3-5291.
EMPLOYMENT
Help Wanted
AD SALESMEN for The Stan
ford Daily. Can take as little
or as much of your time as you
want. 10% commission on ad
vertising sold.
HOUSES FOR SALE
2-BDR. HOME. 1 bath, single ga
rage, stove, patio, landscaped
$13,500; $1,500 down, $78 per
mo.; will take second mtge. DA
5-2381. Open Sat. and Sunday.
RENTALS
11 ousts for Rent
AVAILABLE Mar. 1, parity turn,
rustic 2-bdr. cottage nr. Stan
ford golf course; $!).">. Phone
DA 3-4263.
Apartments for Kent
YOUNG female teacher has du
plex 1o share; $50. DA 6-7419
after 8 p.m. I
