# Food Research Profs in Africa
## 
### 
The staple food economies of
the Congo and other parts of
Africa and their potential wheat
importing capacities will be stud
ied by Bruce F. Johnston of the
Food Research Institute.
Johnston, an associate econo
mist, will leave tomorrow for a
four-month trip to Arfica.
Current economic develop
ments in Africa are now being
studied by S. Daniel Neumark,
acting economist in the Food Re
search Institute. He is on leave
of absence through April 30, and
is working in the United Nations'
New York Bureau of Economic
Affairs.
Mrs. Ruth R. Perry, curator of
the African collection at the Hoo
ver Institution, has just begun a
tour of Central Africa, which will
gather materials, and establish
collecting sources, for the Uni
versity.
