# Washington Memorial Association.
## 
### 
At a meeting of Stanford women
Friday afternoon, called by Mrs.
Jordan, steps were taken toward
organizing a local branch of the
George Washington Memorial As
sociation. A constitution commit
tee was appointed and officers
chosen for the ennuing year.
The meeting was called to order
by Professoi Mary Hoherts Smith,
who explained in brief the object
of the movement for founding a
national university as set forth in
the meeting in the chapel lust Feb
ruary. Under the national or
ganization are State and local
organizations. Membership in the
former costs $5 per year. Local
organizations have nominal dues,
often not more than 25 cents per
year. Their members are not
necessarily members of the na
tional association, but they are ex
pected to keep before them the two
fold object of enlightening the
community as to their plans and
of raising funds to carry out those
plans in any manner they choose.
If $250,000 is raised by 1900 work
will begin on the first building at
that time, and it is expected that
Congress will appropriate money
then with which to continue the
work.
Mrs. Sarah 1). Hamlin is at the
head of the California State organi
zation, and Mrs. Hearst is one of
its chief promoters, having fjiven
$2500 to the national organization
and $200 to the State branch.
Following is the list of officers of
the Stanford branch for 1898-99:
Chairman, Mrs. Jordan; vice-chair
men, Mrs. Hranner, Mrs. Gilbert,
Miss Schallenberger, Mrs E. L.
Campbell, Miss Morley; secretary,
Miss Macgillivray; treasurer, Miss
Stoltenberg; advisory board, Pro
fessors Jordan, Brainier, Anderson,
Griggs, and Duniway.
At a meeting of Stanford women
Friday afternoon, called by Mrs.
Jordan, steps were taken toward
organizing a local branch of the
George Washington Memorial As
sociation. A constitution commit
tee was appointed and officers
chosen for the ennuing year.
The meeting was called to order
by Professoi Mary Hoherts Smith,
who explained in brief the object
of the movement for founding a
national university as set forth in
the meeting in the chapel lust Feb
ruary. Under the national or
ganization are State and local
organizations. Membership in the
former costs $5 per year. Local
organizations have nominal dues,
often not more than 25 cents per
year. Their members are not
necessarily members of the na
tional association, but they are ex
pected to keep before them the two
fold object of enlightening the
community as to their plans and
of raising funds to carry out those
plans in any manner they choose.
If $250,000 is raised by 1900 work
will begin on the first building at
that time, and it is expected that
Congress will appropriate money
then with which to continue the
work.
Mrs. Sarah 1). Hamlin is at the
head of the California State organi
zation, and Mrs. Hearst is one of
its chief promoters, having fjiven
$2500 to the national organization
and $200 to the State branch.
Following is the list of officers of
the Stanford branch for 1898-99:
Chairman, Mrs. Jordan; vice-chair
men, Mrs. Hranner, Mrs. Gilbert,
Miss Schallenberger, Mrs E. L.
Campbell, Miss Morley; secretary,
Miss Macgillivray; treasurer, Miss
Stoltenberg; advisory board, Pro
fessors Jordan, Brainier, Anderson,
Griggs, and Duniway.
At a meeting of Stanford women
Friday afternoon, called by Mrs.
Jordan, steps were taken toward
organizing a local branch of the
George Washington Memorial As
sociation. A constitution commit
tee was appointed and officers
chosen for the ennuing year.
The meeting was called to order
by Professoi Mary Hoherts Smith,
who explained in brief the object
of the movement for founding a
national university as set forth in
the meeting in the chapel lust Feb
ruary. Under the national or
ganization are State and local
organizations. Membership in the
former costs $5 per year. Local
organizations have nominal dues,
often not more than 25 cents per
year. Their members are not
necessarily members of the na
tional association, but they are ex
pected to keep before them the two
fold object of enlightening the
community as to their plans and
of raising funds to carry out those
plans in any manner they choose.
If $250,000 is raised by 1900 work
will begin on the first building at
that time, and it is expected that
Congress will appropriate money
then with which to continue the
work.
Mrs. Sarah 1). Hamlin is at the
head of the California State organi
zation, and Mrs. Hearst is one of
its chief promoters, having fjiven
$2500 to the national organization
and $200 to the State branch.
Following is the list of officers of
the Stanford branch for 1898-99:
Chairman, Mrs. Jordan; vice-chair
men, Mrs. Hranner, Mrs. Gilbert,
Miss Schallenberger, Mrs E. L.
Campbell, Miss Morley; secretary,
Miss Macgillivray; treasurer, Miss
Stoltenberg; advisory board, Pro
fessors Jordan, Brainier, Anderson,
Griggs, and Duniway.
At a meeting of Stanford women
Friday afternoon, called by Mrs.
Jordan, steps were taken toward
organizing a local branch of the
George Washington Memorial As
sociation. A constitution commit
tee was appointed and officers
chosen for the ennuing year.
The meeting was called to order
by Professoi Mary Hoherts Smith,
who explained in brief the object
of the movement for founding a
national university as set forth in
the meeting in the chapel lust Feb
ruary. Under the national or
ganization are State and local
organizations. Membership in the
former costs $5 per year. Local
organizations have nominal dues,
often not more than 25 cents per
year. Their members are not
necessarily members of the na
tional association, but they are ex
pected to keep before them the two
fold object of enlightening the
community as to their plans and
of raising funds to carry out those
plans in any manner they choose.
If $250,000 is raised by 1900 work
will begin on the first building at
that time, and it is expected that
Congress will appropriate money
then with which to continue the
work.
Mrs. Sarah 1). Hamlin is at the
head of the California State organi
zation, and Mrs. Hearst is one of
its chief promoters, having fjiven
$2500 to the national organization
and $200 to the State branch.
Following is the list of officers of
the Stanford branch for 1898-99:
Chairman, Mrs. Jordan; vice-chair
men, Mrs. Hranner, Mrs. Gilbert,
Miss Schallenberger, Mrs E. L.
Campbell, Miss Morley; secretary,
Miss Macgillivray; treasurer, Miss
Stoltenberg; advisory board, Pro
fessors Jordan, Brainier, Anderson,
Griggs, and Duniway.
At a meeting of Stanford women
Friday afternoon, called by Mrs.
Jordan, steps were taken toward
organizing a local branch of the
George Washington Memorial As
sociation. A constitution commit
tee was appointed and officers
chosen for the ennuing year.
The meeting was called to order
by Professoi Mary Hoherts Smith,
who explained in brief the object
of the movement for founding a
national university as set forth in
the meeting in the chapel lust Feb
ruary. Under the national or
ganization are State and local
organizations. Membership in the
former costs $5 per year. Local
organizations have nominal dues,
often not more than 25 cents per
year. Their members are not
necessarily members of the na
tional association, but they are ex
pected to keep before them the two
fold object of enlightening the
community as to their plans and
of raising funds to carry out those
plans in any manner they choose.
If $250,000 is raised by 1900 work
will begin on the first building at
that time, and it is expected that
Congress will appropriate money
then with which to continue the
work.
Mrs. Sarah 1). Hamlin is at the
head of the California State organi
zation, and Mrs. Hearst is one of
its chief promoters, having fjiven
$2500 to the national organization
and $200 to the State branch.
Following is the list of officers of
the Stanford branch for 1898-99:
Chairman, Mrs. Jordan; vice-chair
men, Mrs. Hranner, Mrs. Gilbert,
Miss Schallenberger, Mrs E. L.
Campbell, Miss Morley; secretary,
Miss Macgillivray; treasurer, Miss
Stoltenberg; advisory board, Pro
fessors Jordan, Brainier, Anderson,
Griggs, and Duniway.
