# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
INDIANS
Long before your time
(or ours) the “Arrow
Shirt Man” was the
standard of sartorial
excellence. Well, the
Arrow shirt people are
still in business, and
fortunately for you,
their shirts are far
more comfortable
these days. R A has a
fine selection in but
ton-downs, tabs,
spread collar, and the
new convertible, in all
the most-wanted col
ors. Stock your shirt
drawer this day, only
5.00 and 5.95 the serv
ing. Remember, it’s
a grand old name.
■
I
RQOS/ATKINS
♦
