# Dose Tenth Best Tribe Scorer
## 
### 
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
Tom Dose’s 35 points Friday
night moved him into tenth place
on the all time Stanford scoring
list, passing John Windsor. Dose
has now scored 881 points in his
varsity career, including 439 this

year, fifth best in Stanford his
tory. To break Ron Tomsic’s sea
son record of 515 points in 1953,
Dose would have io average 2G
points a game in Stanford’s last
three regularly scheduled games.
