# Junipere Serra Postpones Meeting
## 
### 
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
The Junipero Serra Club reception
scheduled for next Sunday has been
postponed until some future date.
