# TOYON IS CHANGED TO PERSIAN COURT FOR DANCE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Beneath rich draperies of scar
let, gold, and purple, members of
Toyon Club and their guests will
dance tonight at the annual Toyon
formal., Using the courts of thn
monarchs of Persia as motif for
decoration, Chairman Irv Warner
and his dance committee have con
cealed the Spanish lines of Toyon
Hall beneath an opulent display of
oriental magnificence.
Music for the dance will be sup
plied by the same orchestra which
played at the fall informal. As an
additional feature instrumental
numbers and vocal selections by a
trio will be given in the foyer be
tween dances.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will bo Dr. and Mrs. Walter
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Don 13. Lie
beudorfer, and .Mr. and Mrs. Almon
E. Roth.
