# BAN TUBERCULAR COWS
## 
### 
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
WILLOWS, Feb. 13. (/P) — To
prevent "dumping" of tubercular
dairy cattle in Glenn county, an
importation of tubercular cattle
into I lie county.
