# THETA DELTA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
Thcta Helta (hi announces the
pledging el" Arthur Met lellau Sar
gent, '31.
