# BRADSHAW "PINCHED"
## 
### 
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
Speeding 40 miles per hour down
Alma street in Palo Alto cost
James ("Rabbit") Bradshaw, Stan
ford freshman basketball coach and
assistant frosh football mentor, a
$10 fine yesterday morning in the
Palo Alto police court. Bradshaw
was arrested last Sunday by Of
ficer Paul Bishop.
