# WOMEN WILL HOLD HOCKEY WORKOUTS
## 
### 
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
Out-of-season hockey practice,
scheduled for Friday afternoons, is
10 tx* .started for those interested
in keeping up the sport, announced
Peggy Ball, captain of this year's
All-Star team.
Although practice was organized
primarily for the All-Stars and
class teams, anyone interested in
playing hockey may come out.
