# ACCEPTS NEW POSITION
## 
### 
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
C. ILav Holbrook, City Superin
tendent of Schools of San Bernar
dino, and foi* tfie last two summers
a "indent at the Stanford summer
school, has accepted the superin
lendency of schools at Santa Cruz,
according to the Stanford Appoint
ment Office.
