# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
Enrollment at the State College
of Washington has increased to
2827.
