# "FLYING WING" REACHES HIGH SPEED
## 
### 

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.

An all-metal experiment job of a "flying wing" air plane, containing
radical changes in aerodynamic features, was successfully flown at
ICO miles an hour with a 60-horsepower motor by John K. Northrup,
its inventor, at Eurbank, .California.
