# The 						Soviet Ambassador
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.

Daily Photo by Dave Bitts

President Wallace Sterling introduced
Nikolai T. Fedorenko, Soviet Ambas
sador to the United Nations, to an
overflow audience in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium yesterday afternoon.
