# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
Berkeley fairly outplayed our
Varsity in Saturday's game. Their
method of play was either better
adapted to the rainy weather or
was superior to our own. At any
rate we were fairly defeated by a
team which played better ball in
almost every point of the game. A
great many Stanford people have
ascribed our defeat to a knowledge
of our signals on the part of the
Berkeley players. There is no
proof whatever that our opponents
stooped to such dishonor. To ac
cuse them of it, under the circum
stances, is extremely childish and
unsportsmanlike. We should bear
present, defeat as gracefully as we
have borne past victories. Ber
keley sent her best team; Stanford
did the same. The struggle was
fierce, the game was honorable, the
score was against us, and with due
loyalty to our college and team we
give Berkeley the honor which she
has won.
