# Summer Tuition Notes Available This Week
## 
### 
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
Applications for or renewal of
tuition notes for summer quarter,
1944. should be made bv both grad
uates and undergraduates in the
I)eau of Women's oil ice or the

Dean of Men's oflice during the
week of June 5 through 10.
Application foi tuition notes for
the fall quarter may also be made
that week by students who do not
plan to he here in summer.
