# International Club Plans Barbecue
## 
### 
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
Internal ional Club will close its
quarter activities with a barbecue at
Dean Bonn's home on Sunday, June
Members of the club who have paid
their dues to Marianne Shipley,
treasurer of the club, are invited to
be the guests of Dean Butin at his
home. Aside from the barbecue there
will be games of all sorts and the
election of the summer-quarter offi
cers.
The election of officers will be im-
I portant, according to present officers,
as the club has planned many sched
ules for the coming quarter. The
newly appointed committees will be
greeting students to whom they have
written letters and planning campus
residences for the new students.
The Nitcry Committee will con
tinue to function throughout the
summer quarter to talk and plan and
explain campus life to foreign stu
dents.
