# U.S. Shuttle Bombing Spreads Panic Through Germany
## 
### 
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
LONDON(UP) A wave of panic
was reported spreading through
southeastern Europe and eastern
Germany tonight as a result of the
American "shuttle" bombing flight
to Russia, while Moscow dispatches
said the giant Flying Fortresses
which carried the historic mission
were being prepared for a return
flight from their new Soviet bases.
The Stockholm newspaper Aftnn
tidningen, in an uncredited dis
patch, said the population of Konigs
berg, in east Prussia, Breslau, in
eastern Germany, and Budapest,
capital of Hungary, were fleeing in
fear of heavy American and Soviet
raids on their city.
The roads were reported blocked
with refugees and vehicles loaded
with household goods. The dispatch
said the German High Command was
desperately but futilely trying to
calm the populace.
