# Recital Slated
## 
### 
Martin Stoner, violinist, and
Jacqueline Salas, pianist, both music
students here, will present a joint
recital of Romantic Works for the
Violin and Piano on Monday, April
27, at 4:15 p.m. The concert, to be
given in the Large Lounge at
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
feature a program of four hrillant
virtuoso works by leading composers
of the Romantic School of Music:
Chopin's Ballade in F Minor and
Debussy's Prelude for Piano (La
Puerta Del Vino), Jacqueline Salas,
pianist; and Cesar Eranck's Sonata in
A Major and Henri Wieniawski's
Concerto for Violin in D Major,
Martin Stoner violinist. There is no
admission charge for the program and
the public is cordially invited to
attend.
