# Israeli bomb
## 
### 
Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

Guerrillas of the pro-Syrian Saiqa commando group, one of the eight groups that
make up the Palestine Liberation Organization, look at the scene of an Israeli
delayed-action bomb explosion that killed seven guerrillas and wounded four in
Sidon, Lebanon.

