# Untitled Article
## 
### 
As a rule a University which has
in it a cosmopolitan make-up, hav
ing in it representatives of many
races and religions, does not need
the influence toward broad minded*
ness which results from an under
standing of the faith and phil
osophy of other people, as much as
the average resident of the Ameri
can community. Religionists of
many faiths and from many coun

tries will gather in the chapel to
morrow, and the opportunity for
attending the meetings should not
be neglected by the men and women
of the University, an opportunity
which in the lifetime of some may
not again he at hand. In the
meeting of the congress there are
no arguments or debates. Each
speaker explains his belief, not
that he may make converts of his
hearers, but that they may know
and respect his position.
