# NINETY COUPLES AT TOYON SPORT DANCE; PLAN SECOND AFFAIR
## 
### 
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
Toyon Club's Sport Informal held
Friday evening in the hall clubroom
was decidedly successful with ninety
couples attending the affair. The
music was furnished by Jim Glidden
and his Hotel Benjamin Franklin
orchestra. During the evening scores
oi' brightly colored balloons were
dropped from the ceiling to the
dancers below.
The outstanding social event of the
quarter was chaperoned by Professor
and Mrs. B. O. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Liebendorfer, Colonel and Mrs.
E. R. McCabe, and John A. Sellards.
The club plans to sponsor another
dance later in the quarter, the date
of which has not yet been announced.
