# BIG BUSINESS AIDING PLANE BUILDING SAYS LIEUTENANT GODDARD
## 
### 
Big business in America is taking
hold of aviation and making it an
industry with a sound financial foot
ing," said Lieutenant Norman A. God
dard of the Palo Alto School of Avia
tion, referring to the recent extension
of the Curtis-Wright Corporation, the
T.A.T., and the United Aircraft and
Transport, which holds a controling
interest in the Boeing group of avia
tion companies, in the Pratt and Whit
ney motor manufacturers, and in the
newly acquired Sikorsky Aviation
Corporation.
Before "big business" entered the
field, aviation companies were organ
ized to sell stock rather than to make
airplanes. Lieutenant Goddard thinks
that the influence of capital will be
to eliminate the "gold bricking," and
"transportation by air will soon super
cede all other metdols of transporta
tion for distances of 50 miles or
over."
In the lieutenant's belief, the pres
ent transport plane is of no value in
forecasting the size of the future air
liners. Only the 100-passenger German
flying boats can compare with the
passenger planes of the future. When
that time arrives, the problem of pi
loting such a plane will cease to be
a one-man job, and instead, two pilots
and a crew of ten men will be neces
sary. The "air-rail" policy of the
T.A.T. will be a system of "air all
the way" with an increase in speed
and comfort and a decrease in rates.
Lieutenant Goddard plans to enter
his Waco 10 in the OXS class of the
National Air Races, to be held in
Cleveland August 24 to September 2.
His Waco has won 14 successive State
races.
