# EDUCATORS TO HEAR THREE SPEAKERS AT DEPARTMENT BANQUET
## 
### 
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
Tickets are on sale now for the
annual banquet of the Education de
partment to be held Saturday evening.
It is announced that the number is
limited and that none without tickets
purchased in advance will be ad
mitted.
Speakers for the occasion will be
State Superintendent Vierling Ker
sey, Dr. Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
graduate, once a faculty man in the
department and later president of the
University of Washington, and Dean
Ellwood P. Cubberley.
