# Dresses From 1885 Period Presented For Dramatics
## 
### 
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
A donation of two old-fashioned
dresses to be used in Stanford dra
matics has been received by Harold
Helvenston from Mrg. Frederic E.
Olmstead, a resident on the campus.
The dresses, which are of the period
around 1885, are a valuable gift to
the Stanford theatre, and Helvenston
plans to use them in a costume ex
hibit which he will give sometime next
fall.
