# SECRETARIES LEAVE FOR HOME CITIES AS SCHOOL SESSION ENDS
## 1929 Board of Governors Re-elected for 1930 Lauds Stanford 
### 
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
Back home to show them how it's
done. Students for a brief six days at
the Western School for Commercial
Secretaries, the chamber of commerce
men left Saturday to return to their
own bureaus. There they will put into
practice the methods and systems dis
cussed at their annual summer school
at Branner Hall. Each of them will
turn in papers covering some phase
of the work undertaken during the
sesion, and each will be graded on a
basis of the quality of these papers
and attendance during the six days.
Paul Slump, president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, gave the final
lecture Saturday morning. Speaking
on "Railroad Transportation," he laid
great stress on the tremendous in
crease during the past few years of
the railway's services to the public.
"Railroads are performing a greater
service today than ever before," he
declared. The Iron Horse has at last
conquered the automobile by the sim
ple process of assimilation. "In 1920
railroad passenger traffic had been
reduced 30 per cent by the competi
tion of the automobile. Today, because
of the acquisition of motor lines by
the railroads, the automobile is one
of the greatest sources of revenue to
the railroads."
The remainder of the program was
given over to the report of the sym
posium committee.
This year's school was attended by
over fifty individual chamber of com
merce secretaries. Arthur E. Isham,
chairman of the session, and Leonard
E. Read, business manager, agree that
this has been the best season as yet
completed.
The 1929 board of governors has
been re-elected for the 1930 school,
and Paul Cherington of the graduate
school of business at Stanford will
continue to be academic director.
