# EXPERIMENTS BEGUN ON NEW PROPELLER FOR U.S. AIRPLANES
## 
### 
Research and experimentation with
three-bladed metal propellers for the
United States Army was begun yes
terday in the aeronautical building
and will be the principle problem for
the next few weeks.
Professor E. P. Lesley, of the Gug
genheim aeronautic laboratory of
Stanford and a member of a sub
committee of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics has re
turned from a meeting of that com
mittee at Langley Field, Virginia, and
will superintend the army tests.
The chief object of the Virginia
meeting was to afford an opportunity
for the exchange of ideas on curri
culum for aeronautical engineering,
and for the discussion of research
programs in the various institutions.
At Langley Field, Professor Lesley
witnessed an experiment to determine
the characteristics of high-speed pro
pellers. The experiment was conduct
ed with a nine-foot propeller which
revolved at the phenomenal tip speed
of 1300 feet per second, or more than
200 feet per second faster than the
