# New System for Selling Schedules Is Successful
## 
### 
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
The University cashier reports that
the "self-help" method of selling time
schedules is working very well, and
that so far no discrepancies in the
schedules taken and the money left
have been noticed.
The system of letting the students
help themselves was installed for the
first time this quarter, and has re
sulted in the saving of much time on
the .part of the cashier.
