# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
1993 - 9 4
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
5 managers 4 ass ' stan * s
Ad Agency
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
Administration
Banking
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the ASSU
Lobby, 2nd floor Tresidder
union.
Applications available
February 8.
Applications due
February 19.
