# contents
## 
### 
cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



cover
Mobile
Deejays
Local mixmasters break down
how they stay on top.
By N'Gai Croat
Photography by Mimi Kuo
Cover art by Marin Melchlor
page 6

<s>
a>
"cS
_a>

The Study
Break
New variety show to hit the
student network airwaves
this week.
By June Molgaard
page 5

reviews
They're Back
Juvenile murderers return in
"Children of the Corn II."
By Andy Dworkin
page 8

to"
%
■ Ij^M

Rental Scene
Standing around in Block
buster and don't know to
choose?
page 10
Columns
N'Gai Croat talks about grow
ing up with the movies
Michael DeGusta tackles the
debate: theater vs. video
page 4



