# Frosh Netters Duel Menlo Circus Club
## 
### 
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
With nn undefeated record to
preserve, Stanford's freshman
tennis team will trek to Menlo
Park tomorrow afternoon for a
dual match with the Menlo Cir
rus Club.
