# British Civilians in Brussels Arrested
## 
### 
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
Amsterdam, Nov. 25.—1t is reported
that the Germans in Brussels have ar
rested three hundred British civilians
in that city.
