# Four Graduates Marry.
## 
### 
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
R. R. Whetstone, '12, and Miss Mar
garet Boyle, ex-'l4, were married re
cently in Escondido, where they are
aow residing.
D. G. Martin, ex-'lO, and Miss Ruth
Turner, ex-'ll, were married in Sep
tember in San Francisco. They are
now making their home in San Fran
cisco.
