# Teach Dancers How Not to Rag.
## 
### 
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
To enable students to discriminate
between "ragging" and "progressive
dancing," the Council of the Universi
ty of Illinois has engaged a couple of
expert dancers to demonstrate the new
steps at. class "hops" on the campus
between dances.
