# College Notes. Wellesley Raising Over Two Millions.
## 
### 
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
Unless an additional sum of $270,000
is raised by December 31, the efforts
of subscribers who have already ob
tained $2,200,000 toward the Wellesley
College endowment fund, will be nul
lified. The raising of this sum was
necessitated by the burning of College
Hall last March.
