# CAMPUS OPINION
## IT'S A LONG WAY 
### 
r |niE EDITOR, SIR:
We don't own a convertible Continental with twin
pipes; we don't own a convertible Continental with
no pipes; in fact we don't own any car at all. But if
we did own a car, we would drive it to the library
every night and park it in the parking lot. Then we
would grab our books and start out for the entrance
to the library around in front. At 9:45 we would
arrive at the entrance and get a yood solid 15 min
utes of studying done before they close the place;
that is, if we didn't stop to sharpen our pencils.
Maybe we have exaggerated the situation slightly,
but even a conservative would say that it was quite
a distance from the lot to the doors. Now we have a
solution to this ponderous problem. Either open one
of the back doors to the public or let. down those
chains that keep you from driving into the side lot.
What are they saving that big blank space for, a
tulip bed?
Yours with undying gratitude if this terrifying sit
uation is remedied.
Hank and Amie
(My friends call me H.D.
but I'm bashful and don't
want my secret let out)
