# Piano Ensemble Tops Concert
## 
### 
Of unusual interest is this week's
concert pair by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, today and
Saturday, when a four-piano en- i
scnihlc will he heard for the first
time with the symphony.
Four distinguished pianists, each a
solo artist in his own right, are be
ing featured in the Concerto for
Four Pianos by Bach-Vivaldi, and
Infante's Andalusian Dances. The i
ensemble includes Rudolph Ganz, E
Robert Schmitz, Dalies Frantz, and
Eugene List.
Under the direction of Pierre Mon
teux, the orchestra will play the j
Symphony No. 2 in D Major by
Beethoven, and the Debussy Iberia
Suite.
Any students not using their sym
phony tickets may turn them in to
Miss Stevens at the A.S.S.U. office,
where they will be resold. Unsold
tickets will be turned over to United
States service men, free of charge.
