# SEALS SIGN ROOKIE
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26 (UP).
—Charles Henson, star left-handed
rookie outfielder from Santa Paula,
signed a contract today with the San
Francisco baseball club. With Salt
Lake City last season he led the Pio
neer League in hitting with an av
erage of .339.
