# Get Banquet Tickets by Wednesday.
## 
### 
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
The committee in charge of the
Alumni Founder's Day Banquet re
quests that all who plan to attend
make their reservations by Wednesday
of this week.
