# First-Round Tennis Play-offs Due Today
## 
### 
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
All first round tennis matches
must be played by this afternoon
and posted in the men's and wom
en's gyms, Connie Wheeler, ten
nis club member said last night.
All first round results of the
five-week tournament will be an
nounced in. tomorrow's Daily.
