# Educational Ideas Will Be Discussed
## 
### 
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
Second in the autumn quarter
Symposium on American Studies,
sponsored by the School of Humani
ties, will be a discussion of "The
Basic Issues Between Progressive
Education and Competing Educa
tional Theories" by Lawrence Gregg
Thomas, assistant professor of edu
cation.
Mr. Thomas will begin his lec
ture at 4:15 Thursday afternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse. Students, faculty and
the public are invited to attend.
