# Editor's Note:
## 
### 
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
The Daily herewith presents for
readers' information the records
and immediate prospects of the
Stanford golf and tennis teams,
preparatory to the special Board
of Athletic Control meeting to
morrow at 1 p.m. when student
members will ask the Board to re
consider its decision not to send
the teams east to the N.CA.A.
Intercollegiates.
See editorial, page (3.
