# LEW AYRES SIGNS FOR ARMY
## 
### 

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.

LEW AYRES, film star, is shown registering for induction a( a Port
land, Ore., draft board. After a few weeks as a conscientious objector
in a public service camp, Ay res changed his mind, asked to be taken
into the Army for non-combatant duty, preferably in the medical corps.
