# WILL ROGERS JR. JOINS ARMY
## 
### 

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.

WILL ROGERS, JR., shown with his mother in Hollywood, has an
nounced lie will leave soon for Oklahoma to accept an officer's com
mission in the U.S. Army, in preference to taking a movie offer to
portray his late father.
