# Music on Last Tuesday Series
## 
### 
"Our Marching Civilization," a
musical interpretation of history,
will be presented by Professor War
ren D. Allen May 26 in the quarter's
last Tuesday Series program, the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced.
Dr. Allen, professor of music and
education, will lecture, while the
musical background will be provided
by Herbert Jan Popper, pianist and
director; Ted Uppman, student bari
tone. and Marjorie Benson, soprano,
the University Choir, the Stanford
Band, and Opera Workshop.
Dr- Allen will point out the in
fluence of march music on history.
"The Germans were singing about
brotherhood while the United States
and Canada were putting it into ef
fect," he declares.
The monetary unit of Japan is the
yen with an average value of $.2344.
