# GYMNASTS WIN
## 
### 
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
Stanford's gymnastics team won its
opening match of the season Friday
night over Cal Poly for forfeit when
the Mustang team failed to appear.
