# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
Zete house announces the engage
ment of Carla Bain, Palo Alto, to
Carl Metten, '55.
