# Removal of the Art Building.
## 
### 
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
The Art building, which has oc
cupied a portion of the site of the
intended Chemistry building, is to
be removed at once to a position
south of the building occupied by
the assaying laboratory and the
forge working department. The
object of the change is to make
room for the new Chemistry build
ing, work on which is to be begun
this spring.
