# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It might be appropriate at the
beginning of the semester to define
an editorial policy for the ensuing
months. We hardly feel that it is
called for, however, and that it
might be an assumption of formal
ity greater than the occasion re
quires. Results are more reliable
witnesses than mere predictions,
and by them we will be judged. It
is not an inopportune time to say
that our predecessor's policy will
be carried out, and merit made the
price of positions upon the staff.
We will appreciate the interest in
the Daily Palo Alto which occa
sional contributors thereby show,
but there will be no place among
the editors for anyone who does
not do regular work. We invite
all the student assistance possible,
but the honors of the paper will be
distributed solely according to
merit and seniority, and those
qualities we will seek to make the
only standard of promotion.
