# PI SIGMA ALPHA
## 
### 
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
iJr. Wendell Bell, professor of so
ciology at Stanford, will address Pi
Sigma Alpha, political science hono
rary, at 4 p.m. today. Dr. Bell's sub
ject will be "Job Analysis of Social
Research Skills."
