# Young Democrats Postpone Banquet
## 
### 
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
The Stanford Area Young Demo
crats have postponed their May 4
banquet meeting with Allan Cran
ston, president of the California
Democratic Council. The banquet
will be rescheduled later in May.
Members of the off-campus Dem
ocrat group arc invited instead to
attend a dinner meeting with Rich
ard Graves, Democratic candidate
for Governor.
The Graves meeting, sponsored by
Pi Sigma Alpha, political science
fraternity, will be held Saturday
night at 6:45 at the Nipa Hut in
Redwood City.
