# STUDENT CHIMNEY SWEEPS
## 
### 
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
Many students in Germany have ap
plited for apprenticeships as chimney
sweeps, according to dispatches from
the annual convention of the "black
men's league" in Hirschbcrg last week.
In proportion to weight, a mouse has
about 100 times as much skin surface
as an elephant.
