# DAVIS AND STOVER HAVE LEADING ROLES IN PALO ALTO PLAY
## 
### 
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
Gordon Davis, former director of
dramatics at Stanford, and Frederick
Stover, acting director during the sum
mer quarter, will both have roles in
the Lonsdale comedy, "Aren't We All?"
which will be given tomorrow evening
in the Palo Alto High School Audi
torium. The play is being presented by
the Junior Auxiliary for the benefit of
the Stanford Convalescent Home.

Several members of the cast were
formerly stage stars at Stanford. Among
them arc Patricia Nauman Wright, '28,
Barbara Eubanks, '27, Eleanor David
son, '28, Adelaide Kelly, '26, Anna
Gardner Wayland, '21, A. Grove Day,
'26, and Charles Simon, '26. Bolton
White, '27, designed the sets, in col
laboration with John Carter Ford.
