# HEIDELBERG SINGERS COMING
## 
### 
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
The students' chorus of the Univer
sity of Heidelberg, Germany, is pre
paring to visit America, where the
members will tour the United States
and Canada.
