# New Ford Grants To Psychologists
## 
### 
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
The Ford Foundation on June 24
announced $6,826,850 in grants for
strengthening and extending re
search in mental health, of which
$300,000 is going to Stanford for
a project to be directed by Pro
fessors Robert R. Sears and Er
nest R. Hilgard. The Foundation
made 21 grants selected from a
total of 231 applications.
The Stanford psychologists plan
to establish a Laboratory of Hu
man Development for research on
problems relating to the develop
ment of human motives and the
processes by which these motives
are expressed in both normal and
pathological behavior. The Lab
will be integrated with graduate
training programs and will pro
vide apprenticeship research train
ing to a considerable number of
doctoral candidates. About a dozen
such students will be so engaged
each year.
