# 'Tea and Sympathy'
## 
### Perry Simon 

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.

HELPING HANDS—Heidi Hartman (as Laura Reynolds) helps Craig
Peters (as Tom Lee) slip into something a bit more comfortable in
the Lagunita Court production of Tea and Sympathy. The play,
directed by Duncan Proudfoot, will show in the Lagunita Dining
Room tonight through Saturday, with the final performances be
ginning at 9:30 p.m. and the others starting at 9 p.m.
