# BUMMING INSTINCTS, GREGARIOUSNESS IN STUDENTS' MAKEUP
## 
### 
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
Gregariousness is a trait of
college peonle as well as of other
human beings if one is to judge
from the pleas for companionship
posted on the Postoffice bulletin
board. Neither "man" nor "col
lege man" likes to travel alone.
Some of the advertisements ask
only for "someone"; others are
more particular and specify sex.
"Driving to L. A. on or after
July 26. Will take one lady pas
senger," says one sign. So far
age and height, or color of eyes
and hair, have not been ordered
in the prospective traveling com
panion.
Whereas college 'men in the
good old days used to start out
"bumming" and pick up rides
along the highways, now their
more business-like and less ro
mantic brethren arrange for such
transportation, for which they
pay with a winning smile before
they start, or by sharing gas and
oil.
