# Power Failure
## 
### 
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
A minor power failure affected
the northwest area of campus for
about 45 minutes last night. The
failure, reported at 8:40 p.m.,
interrupted service to Roble,
Florence Moore, Lagunita, Frat
Cluster I, The Knoll, some faculty
residences and part of The Row.
Power was restored at 9:22. A
Plant Services spokesman said that
the blackout was due to a primary
circuit breaker trip at Via Palou
substation.
