# FRESHMEN SQUAD DELAYED BY ACCIDENT TO SHELL
## 
### 
An accident to the shell used by the
freshmen at Redwood has turned tem
porarily the efforts of the first year
crew men again to long distance run
ning, and tonight finds only one eight
on the estuary.
Captain Duryea has been naming an
eight and coxswain daily from among
the freshmen candidates, and two
shells are on the bay water every af
ternoon for three quarters of an hour.
Coach O'Dea is at the boathouse at
every workout, and is in close touch
with the development of every man.
Tlie coaching launch, purchased by
the Student Body a year ago, was used
for the first time Saturday. The fast
boat was not in commission during the
last crew season, because of trouble
with the engine, but it was thoroughly
overhauled and is now in perfect run
ning order.
