# California Notes.
## 
### 
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
Farmer's Institutes at various in
land towns are being planned by the
state institution.
