# Dudley Memorial Volume is Issued.
## 
### 
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
Dedicated to the late W. R. Dudley
of tlie Botany department, the Dudley
Memorial Volume, a collection of
scientific papers was issued today.
Former students and colleagues of Pro
fessor Dudley have added to his writ
ings in the volume.
The volume is published in the Uni
versity series and ha 3 the same form
as the Matzke Memorial Volume. A
photo of Professor Dudley is used as
a frontispiece. Doctor David Starr
Jordan, Doctor .T. C. Branner and Pro
fessors D. IT. Campbell. G. J. Pierce
and L. Abrams have contributed.
