# Articles by Stanford Men.
## 
### 
During January the Library lias
noticed the following articles pub
lished in January scientific maga
zines by Stanford professors and
graduates : "Origin of Terrestrial
Plants," by Prof. D. H. Campbell,
of the Botany department, in
Science; "Habits of California Ter
mites," by Prof. Harold Heath, of
the Botany department in the Bio
logical Bulletin; ''Magnetic Sus
ceptibility of Water," by Prof. H.
D. Stearns, of the Physics depart
ment in Phytsical Review; " In
fluence of Fatigue Upon the Speed
of Voluntary Contraction of Human
Muscle," by T. A. Storey, '96, Ph.
D., '02, director of Standard gym
nasium, in the American Journal of
Physiology; and "New Idea in
Social Fraternity," by Miss Kath
rine A. Chandler, '00, in American
Journal of Sociology.
