# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
Wednesday.
Junior Farce Committee meets,
room 10,1:15.
English Play rehearsal, room 13,
7:15.
Bench and Bar, room 2,7:30.
Spanish Club meets, Kappa Kappa
Gamma house, 7:45.
Thursday.
Senior Prom Committee meets,
room 10, 1:15.
Y. M. C. A. members meet, Memor
ial Church, 4:30.
Gym Club meets, Kncina gymnas
ium, 8:00.
Mandolin Club practice, room 23.
Friday.
Carnot debate, Assembly Hall, 8.
