# Carnot Debate.
## 
### 
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
The Carnot debaters have now
completed their work of prepara
tion and are restlessly awaiting
the big contest which will be held
in Assembly Hall next Friday
night. Owing to the plan of with
holding the definite question for
discussion until an hour before the
time of the debate, the amount of
work necessary to cover the entire
field has been much greater this
year than in the past, when a defi
nite question was announced sev
eral weeks beforehand. For this
reason the medal this year will be
more liable to go to the man who
has done the most research work
and who knows most about the
question chosen for debate. The
California team accompanied by a
large body of rooters will come
down Friday.
