# 1900 See 'The Warrior's Husband'
## 
### 
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
An approximate increase of 200 per
cent over any known attendance sta
tistics for campus productions in Me
morial Hall is the record established
by the three audiences of "Warrior's
Husband," Chester Barker, secretary
of the Speech and Drama Division,
said yesterday. The closest com
petitor for box-office honors was
"Kind Lady," produced in the spring
of 1938.
With the total receipts indicating

nearly 1,900 paid admissions, Fri- j
day's audience of 800 persons was i
the largest, Mr. Barker said, and !
Saturday and Thursday were next |
with 700 and 400, respectively.
Both Hubert Heffner, executive!
director, and Mr. Barker agreed thai i
most of the play's success can be ,
attributed to student support.
London's zoo has a feed bill of
approximately $75,000 annually.
