# Vocom to Discuss Foreign Service
## 
### 
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
Numerous women students who
expressed a vocational interest iti
the foreign service earlier in the
year will have the opportunity to
have their questions on the profes
sion answered at Vocom's "Informa
tion Please" to be held at 7 o'clock
in the Nitcry on Wednesday.
According to Ruth Ellen List,
chairman of the informal meeting,
the board of experts will be made
up of a Stanford woman now taking
her Ph.D. in political science, a
young man who has recently taken
both the written and oral exams for
the foreign scrvice, and Dr. Graham
Stuart, head of the department of
political science.
