# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
COLLEGE
TEACHING
Cooperative College Registry
representing 8 denominations
and 160 fully accredited 4
year colleges.A placement ser
vice of the churches to church
related colleges at no cost to
the individual. Ph.D. or near
preferred. Administration and
faculty. Greatest needs in sci
ences, languages, humanities
and business. Interview dates
January 27-28 at Stanford
University Placement Services.
