# Adv. 55 Page 8
## 
### 
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfccfc
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
