# Freshmen Will Organize Ball Team.
## 
### 
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
The faculty baieba't team has
challenged the Freshman Class to a
series or three games, to be played
as soon as the latter have organized
their team. The Freeshmen ball play
ers will organize for regular prac
tice tomorrow, at 1 o'clock in room
68. The dates for the series are to
be arranged.
