# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
The management of the Stanford
Bookstore has called attention to the
regulation against smoking within
their building. Their request, if
brought to the notice of everybody,
should be all that is necessary for
its fulfillment.
Similarly, consideration for other
patrons of the University post-office,
and for its employees, should be
sufficient to keep thoose who enter
the building from smoking until they
are outside.
