# Adv. 17 Page 9
## 
### 
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
Heart
Answers
Sodium and
Heart Disease
Sodium is a mineral found in
nearly all foods. The most
common source of sodium is
table salt, sodium chloride.
Sodium is an essential
nutrient and plays a major
role in the physiological
regulation of the body fluids.
A high intake of sodium af
fects the level of blood
pressure in some individuals.
It is thought that excess
sodium remains in body
tissues and holds water there.
By decreasing the sodium,
the blood pressure is reduced
by shrinking the volume of
fluid in the vessels. The
decrease in fluid reduces
pressure upon the interior
walls of the vessels and
lessens the effort which the
heart must put into pumping
the blood.
WE'RE FIGHTING FOR
YOCJR LIFE
American Heart
Association
