# WEATHER
## 
### 
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
Santa Clara Valley—Partly cloudy
Friday and fair over weekend; cool
er Friday night.
