# Y.W.C.A. SPONSORS TOUR
## 
### 
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
A social welfare tour in San Fran
cisco will be sponsored by the social
service group of the Y.W.C.A., from
J) o'clock till noon Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The group will meet at the
women's clubhouse to drive to San
Francisco, where it will visit the
juvenile court and the detention
home, and interview a probation
oflicer.
