# MASQUERS ELECT 5
## 
### 
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
Miss Janet Dole, Miss Geraldine
Schreiber, and Miss Frances Farmer,
Stanford students, and Miss Barbara
Harmon and 'Miss Onyet Watson,
graduates,, were recently elected to
membership in Masquers, university
women's dramatic honor society.

Missouri leads the states in the
production of lead, Idaho being sec
ond and Utah third.
