# Kendall Will Give Recital Tomorrow
## 
### 
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
Raymond Kendall, assistant organ
ist, will give the weekly organ re
cital tomorrow in the Chapel at 4:15
o'clock. Selections to be played will
be:
Sonatina (from the Cantata, "God's
Time Is Best' ), J. S. Bach; Second
Sonat afor Organ (movements Grave,
Adagio, and Allegro Maestoso), Men
delssohn; Serenade, S. Rachmaninoff;
Cantabile, Cesar Franck; and Piece
Heroique, Cesar Franck.

Over protests of the Ministerial
Union, the Board of Education of
Santa Cruz ruled the ballroom danc
ing is not immoral and students may
indulge in it .
