# Strike Backed
## 
### 
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
The Stanford local of the
American Federation of Teachers
(AFT) unanimously passed a reso
lution supporting the striking stu
dents and faculty in the State
College System and vowed all pos
sible support at a meeting last
Thursday night.
The local is sending support
pickets to both S.F. and San Jose
State colleges. Money for bail and
strike support funds is also being
collected outside Tresidder Mem
orial Union.
