# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



WOMEN HOT
No. 9 women's basketball team
undefeated in Pac-10.
SPORTS/8

MEN HOTTER
No. 5 men's basketball team
rolls over Washington schools
SPORTS/6

Weather

Today: Partly Cloudy

High 54
Low 37



