# KAPPA SIGMA
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
Kappa Sigma officers: Buck
Hopper, president; Sam Nageley,
vice-president; Hob Campbell,
house manager; Jim Knapp, rush
chairman; Reid Rogers, secre
tary; John Painter, master of cer
emonies; Harv J )erne, soc i a I
chairman; Dave Winder, athletic
chairman; Day McNeel, histo
rian; All Burtieson and Bill Tay
lor, guards.
