# Madrid Students Clash With Police
## 
### 
MADRID, I W6> V (UP) Club
swinging Spanish police today
crushed a demonstration bv 1.000
students shouting "Liberty!" dur
ing a citizens' boycott of the Ma
drid public transportation system
At least 10 demonstrators were
reported arrested. They included
five alleged student, ringleaders
and four women accused of ston
ing a streetcar.
Demonstrators hurled stones at
a number of buses and trolleys,
smashing windows of the vehicles.
Bnt no injuries were reported.
The boycott of the capital trans
port system was called to protest
the rising cost of living and to
express sympathy with Barcelona
residents who staged a similar
boycott recently.
