# Football, Rugby Meet
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
varsity and junior varsity football
players today at 4 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
There will be a meeting of all
those planning to participate in
rugby during winter quarter to
morrow at 4 p.m. in Encina Gym.
