# Bowles Notes Interests' Sway
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) Ches
ter Bowles, in his first speech aft
er being switched from the State
Department to the White House,
said last night that “powerful
vested interests” are having too
much sway in the American econ
omy.

The outgoing undersecretary of
state, now being reassigned as
White House adviser on Asian, and
Latin American affairs, also added
his voice to President Kennedy’s
campaign to revise foreign trade
legislation.
Anri he had some things to say
about civil rights.
In a speech before the Interna
tional Association of Machinists
here, Bowles said these were three

urgent needs of U.S. domestic
policy because of their impact on
foreign relations.
On new foreign trade legislation
for broad lowering of tariffs
which President Kennedy is urg
ing, Bowles said Ihe “negative
path” of high tariffs would lead
to “national destruction.”
