# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
CORRECTION: The International
Club will not meet at the Nitery
as announced, but will meet at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Thomas at 3G5 Lincoln Avenue.
Cars will leave the Nitery at 7:30.
and both foreign and American
students are welcome to come.
CHAPPIE SALESGIRLS are re
quested not to come to the Chap
pie office today with their sub
scription books, but to come on
Monday.
ALL NEW Lower Division students
who have not had their pictures
taken should do so today at the
Quad Office.
VARSITY TENNIS meeting will be
held at 4:30 p.m. Tuesday on the
varsity tennis courts.
WESTMINSTER CLUB will meet
Sunday evening at 7 o'clock at
the First Presbyterian Church,
Forest and Waverley streets, in
Palo Alto. Everyone is invited to
attend.
DAILY STALE members will meet
Sunday at noon in the Shack.
BIBLE CLASS of the First Barjtist
Church will be held Sunday from
10 to 10:40 a.m. in the vestry of
the church chapel, with John
Moore, Stanford graduate, as
leader.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB will

meet Sunday at 8 pin. at the
home of Professor O. M. Johnston
52b Alvarado Row.
