# UNDER THE WEATHER ...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
HOSPITAL
Donald R. Danforth, Jean Grif
fifth, Nancy Schermerhorn, Jean
Robinson, Jerome Moss, Herbert
Obexer, William Glikbarg, Robert
Schipero,
MEN'S REST HOME
Robert Fisher, Carl Ebnother,
Sullivan Marsten, Marshall Beck,
Walter Pendergroff, John Steiner,
William Homback. James Bucking
ham.

Strong sunlight injures Vitamin C
content in milk. New England dai
ries planted shade trees in their
pastures after last summer's heat
wave.
