# Adv. 6 Page 5
## 
### 
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
lII# . J K
A *&# v HMfel^^*.
■MB| v
JHH H|
J Ill J I I IJ II
iiii niinii hi
iiiiiiiwiiiii.Ljyi pian °
Dubbed "one of a half
dozen pianists worth
dropping everything to
hear" by London's Daily
Telegraph, Lortie delivers
an ambitious recital
featuring works by Liszt,
Chopin, and others.
