# TOURISTS SPEND MILLIONS
## 
### 
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
American tourists spend about three
hundred million dollars a year in
Europe. France takes the biggest
ahare.
