# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
rW&T* T • •
i JK r, r ■
PICKUP and DELIVERY
' \ *' ' ''
Complete Dry Cleaning
and Laundry Service . ,
■
Garments Expertly
Cleaned and Shaped
KEWEAVING —
burns; tears,
MOTHHOLES v
LANGERS
SERVICE
