# Army lo Toughen Military Discipline
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24 (UP) —
American servicemen will be sub
jected to tougher discipline to pre
pare them for the brutality of im
prisonment by the Communists, De
fense Department officials said to
day.
The Defense Department is con
idering asking Congress to revise
the new Uniform Code of Military
Justice- a product of the postwar
experiment in "democratizing' the
military. It wants greater command
authority and discipline.
