# Dead Rats From The Pros
## 
### GEORGE SANCHEZ 
Inadmissible Evidence: Stan
ford Repertory Theater, Little
Theater, (April 5-12 perform
ance run).
Gerald Hiken was the tem
pestuous hero of John Osborne's
iconoclastic play on Wednesday
evening. He gave a very fair but
extremely un-English rendition
of the long, intricate part which
Osborne put his whole soul and
mind into.
It is useless not to see auto
biographical elements in the
part of the sex-obsessed and di
vorce-dispensing solicitor, Wil
liam Maitland. The play is also
full of a noble humor, to which
the role of Maitland should have
given great scope.
One of the troubles of the pro
duction was that the Stanford
Repertory Theater hardly un
derstands that unlimited cash is
not the same thing as talent.
Not by a long chalk. If Profes
sor Hiken is going to gaze with
star-lit blue eyes into an audi
ence which can not understand
the difference between English
and American culture, then all
very well.
However, a premiere expects

something more than shoddy
Americanization of a great and
brilliant drama, with a soaring
tragic theme of guilt, horror
and suffering. "Look Back In
Anger" might just be dismissed
as the ravings of a nasty young
undergraduate. Just, but this
will not do at all for "Inadmissi
ble Evidence".
The play is taut and frighten
ing, and the predicament of a
successful seducer is not as bo
gus and cheap as the dignitaries
of priestly societies seem to
think. Thus the director himself
went on record, always unwise
before a show, with the denial
of a serious intent or tragic
heroism in the play.
If Maitland really represents
most of us, as Robert Loper
imagines, then Bertrand Russell
could buy a ticket anywhere in
the world and free love would
become a reality. But precisely
because he is not, his predica
ment, like that of the almost
identical hero in "Look Back In
Anger", is the more terrifying.
Usual Performance
The usual Repertory Theater
performances were turned in by
its regular actors. Jane Hoffman

was weepy and middle-aged, as
in the "Cherry Orchard," "A
Slight Ache" and countless oth
ers. Miss Silveira, as the young
secretary Shirley, who first re
jects her old lover Maitland for
the new one who has got her
MID child, waddles around the
stage as if her bottom was two
sizes too big. Padding or no, it
is.
Loretta Leversee, late of
"Beggar's Opera," also wept and
did her bit as a sad, runted wife
on the divorce stakes. Another
divorce candidate was Ellen
Perry as Mrs. Tonks. She was
dowdy in a rather pretty way,
but one hardly felt sex in her,
just the usual 'load of old rub
bish,' as the author would have
said, about evil, and the need to
hang on to 'it' preached by
'promiscuous lady journalists,
bishops and your mother.'
Raphael
Accent and stage presence
were better grasped by Jerome
Raphel. But why does he play all
his roles as if he were a puffing
grampus with outsize whiskers,
pace Godot? He could see a vital
point which Hiken himself failed
to demonstrate, namely that
Maitland must have a gradual
process towards abandonment
by all his associates.
While Raphel slowly turned to
indifference and then open con
tempt for his employer, the oth
ers played this desertion all in
the major key. One who saw the
minor key was the outstanding
star of the show, Joseph Medal
is. Modalis himself was cast in
the tricky role of an adult, mar
ried homosexual. Ensnared by
the nice English detective, he is
up for criminal practices and
needs a solicitor.

But Maitland finally seems to
cling to the homosexual, and
Medalis is to be credited not just
for wearing his clothes so exact
ly, but also for extending a phy
sical attraction to the arch Don
Juan of the London mews, the
hero himself.
Buxom, But...
Carol Androsky, buxom and
pleasing to the eye, especially
from behind, gave a useful re
think of her part in "Beggar's
Opera." Like Osborne, I defy
you to slip a postage stamp be
twixt flesh and wool. But Miss
Androsky at least saw the won
derful jokes about life and re
production which, despite Hik
en's attempt to smother them
with virtuoso glue, trip off the
lawyer's tongue.
A slick blonde daughter of the
hero is being ditched for her
birthday weekend on account of
how he wishes to reopen nego
tiations with the perennial adul
teress, Liz Eaves. Quite what
Ruth Hunt imagines she is
achieving by myopic breast
pushing and well-washed black
hair all a-swinging, one was at
a loss to know.
Slick Blond
What is certain, however,
about Miss Hunt's Liz, is that
she gurgled and hissed those
poignant lines of farewell after
business trips with Maitland
thousand of miles all over the
world so that they sagged like
dead rats and dropped with
melodramatic effect over the
front row. Really, these Reper
tory people are not as good as
San Jose State Junior College,
which starred a Negro in the
lead of "Look Back In Anger"
last November and did an Os
borne well on a shoe-string.
