# SUTRO LIBRARY IS HOUSED IN LANE MEDICAL BUILDING
## Famous Collection Is Restored to Usefulness by Action of the Stanford Medical School. 
### 
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
One of the most remarkable collec
tions of hooks in the United States,
known as the Sutro library, was yes
terday restored to usefulness by being
placed in the Stanford Lane Medical
library, in San Francisco. For thirty
years it has lain in disuse for want of
a place to house the great collection.
As in many other incidents the Lane
Medical department has contributed
a public service, and turned over the
third floor of the library building to
the state until more suitable quarters
for the Sutro library can be obtained.
As soon as the books have been
classified they will be available for
public use. The exact value of the
collection is unknown at present, but
the library contains many rare books
and papers. Thousands of manu
scripts bearing on California history
which were bought from the Mexican
government, and the most complete
collection of British political pamph
lets and broadsides outside the Brit
ish Museum are included in the col
lection. Altogether the books weigh
eighty tons and fill r>oo packing
cases.
