# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
Expenses of the underclass tank
crap at Purdue amounted to $157.
