# Civil Engineers to Smoke Together.
## 
### 
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
Engineering students will meet for
the annual jolly up and get together
011 October 17. Talent from the de
partment and faculty will carry off
the program. A copious feed will be
on hand. A. C. Sandstrom has charge
of the proceedings.
