# WEATHER
## 
### 
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
San Francisco Bay Region—Clear
Tuesday and Wednesday; mild tem
perature; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
