# TICKETS AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
Tickets for "A Highland Fling" I
arc on sale in room 202 of the Me
morial Auditorium, for the per
formances to he given October !
25, 26, and 27.
