# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.

By United Preah
Some 300,000 members of the U. S. armed forces in Europe are being:
offered seven-day tours of Switzerland at the cost of $35. Sightsee
ing trips to famous beauty spots comprise the main activity. Here, an
American quartet relaxes at Kleine Scheidegg above Interlaken. Left
to right are Lt. Warren Haeseker, New Jersey; Lt. William Futchik,
Michigan; Lt. William Slaton, Fresno, Calif., and Lt. Jerome Gon
zales, Texas.
