# EXCOM MEETING
## 
### 
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
Exeom will hold its regular Wed -
nesday night meeting this week at
7:30 in the Excom Room. All stu
dents are invited to attend and par
ticipate in discussion. Agenda for
the meeting will be published in
Wednesday's Daily.
