# Awards For Scholarships To Be Made Next Quarter
## 
### 
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
University scholarships for 1029-30,
cxcept those reserved for entering under
graduates, will be awarded during the
spring quarter, Mr 3. Margaret D. Hus
ton. secretary of the Committee on
Scholarship, reports. As no appoint
ments are automatically renewed, and no
applications are carried over from one
year to another, all candidates for 1929-
30 should apply at this time. Application
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the Committee
on Scholarship, Room 164F, Adminis
tration Building.
