# SEINORS WILL HOLD DANCE AFTER OPERA AT ENCINA TONIGHT
## 
### 
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
Following the opera tonight, the
Senior Class will give a dance at En
cina Hall. Dancing will begin at 11
o'clock and last until 1. A big time
is promised and owing to the large at
tendance that is expected at the Jun
ior Opera, a big crowd ought to be
present at the dance, following. Liss
ner and his jazz orchestra will be on
hand to furnish the necessary music.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax.
