# Another Viewpoint
## 
### 
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
Dear Mrs. Editor:
Although I realize fully that you are
a very busy lady—still I have decided
to write and ask if you could solve
the problem which has been troubling
me and my room-mate lately.
It's just this, Mrs. Editor, do the
men of Stanford run on tracks located
in the center of the public sidewalks,
and are their hats nailed on their
heads and their pipes mortised and
(tennaied) in their faces—or, Mrs.
Editor, haven't they been broftght up?
And it isn't that I mind this so much
as the fact that the topic of all R.
N. Corner and A. B. Conversation is
Indoor Sport number 9,000i,013, or The
Snobbishness of the 500, but whenever
I attempt to smile sweetly and speak
to one of the afore alluded to Stan
ford men, he tightens his canine grip
on his little Bull Durham container,
glares, and moves his hand lazily up
ward in a classic dancing attitude un
til it about reaches the lower lobe of
his ear—and then let it lag limply
back to his pocket. Honest, Mrs. Ed
itor, all I want is an understanding—
I'm democratic—do they want me to
speak or don't they? I do hate to
trouble any one so. And I might add,
I had the stickiest feeling after I had
to go up the Row at noon the other
day, for so many eyes had been glued
on me. I'm getting hardened, I can
listen to their remarks without blush
ing.
Hoping you are the same,
ONE FIVE HUNDREDTH.
