# Tuition Notes Due For Summer, Fall
## 
### 
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
Tuition notes for summer and fall
quarters must be applied for next
week. Women may apply at the of
fice of the Dean of Women. Under
graduate men should apply at the
Dean of Men s office, and graduate
men in Room 170 of the Administra
tion Building.
