# Encouraging Signs.
## 
### 
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
It is encouraging to hear that one
hundred tickets were sold on the first
day for the dinner welcoming Dr. Jor
dan. That makes the success of the
plan almost sure, and also goes far to
show in what light the President is
held by the students, alumni and all.
We hope that the students will con
tinue to purchase tickets at the Regis
rar's Office. The undergraduates rep
resentation should be largest of all.
and it seems that San Francisco alum
ni may secure the leading place.
