# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
HOLLYWOOD
LIME RICKEY
•
20c Per Bottic
$2.50 Per Dozen
a
PALO ALTO ICE
DELIVERY
HAMILTON AND HIGH STS.
PIIONE 3141
"FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
SWIMMING
TRACK!"
!
#
SO GOES THE YELL
9
We arc here to satisfy
your sporting wants
Definitely in the line for
cheaper prices on first
class Merchandise
•
Pierce Bicycles
• • •
THE PALO ALTO
SPORT SHOP
526 Wavercly St.
