# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
Snow removal on trunk lines in
eighty-three counties cost the state
of Michigan $88(>,(J17 during the win
ter of 1929-30.
