# GORDAN FORESEES SUCCESSFUL YEAR IN STANFORD POLO
## 
### 
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
Captain Richard A. Gordan sizes
up the polo situation for this year
as distinctly favorable. Two large
factors in this forecast are the maxi
mum strength in numbers and the
unusual quality of the horses. The
horse si-uation, in fact, is better
than it ever has been since Captain
Gordan's time at Stanford. All the
animals are at least half thorough
bred, and some are registered thor
oughbred ponies.
Without a few riders, this display
of equestrian strength would be
rather useless, but the situation in
this respect is promising. Already
48 horsemen have registered in polo
for the quarter on one of the three
squads. Practice began Monday, and
for the first two weeks efforts will
be aimed toward contditioning of
players and ponies, but the eques
trian sportsmen hope to commence
real practice as soon as possible,
since it is very probable that the
strong University of Arizona squad
will be included on the Indian
schedule this quarter.
As to finances, it has been voted
by the students to increase the syl
labus fee from $5 to $10 to provide
better support of the business end
of the game. If finances work out,
il is probable that the Western col
leges may hold a tournament at
Stanford ibis spring, in which case
the R.O.T.C. might have to ship
ponies from Arizona and Oregon for
the event.
