# MANAGER TRYOUTS
## 
### 
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
All sophomore students interested
in the position of swimming mana
ger should report to the office at
the pool this week during the after
noon. This work will fulfill the
lower division physical education
requirements.
