# W.A.A. ELECTS PAT BARKALEW MANAGER
## 
### 
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
Patricia Berkelew was appointed
tennis manager to fill the vacancy
made by the resignation of Marion
Terwilliger at a meeting of the
W.A.A. Board last night. Other
managers electcd at the same time
are: golf, Marion Hewlett; equita
tion, Dorothy Day: dancing, Eleanor
Furst; and fencing, Janet Kempe
nich.
Tennis, hockey, swimming, and
archery were scheduled tentatively
for the annual fall triangular meet
with Mills and California to be held
here. October 31 was set as the pro
visional date pending the approval
of the other two schools.
