# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."

"Wonderful talk, Professor Snail—l've never hearci' a clash:
lecture in which the most important points were more cleverly
disguised."
