# Nanney Will Give Afternoon Recital
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
Herbert B. Nanney will be as
sisted by Geraldine Farmar, so
prano, in his weekly organ recital
this afternoon at 4:15 in Memorial
Church. The recital will include
Brahms' "Deck Thyself with Glad
ness, O My Soul" and "O Blessed
Jesu" as well as Bach's "My Heart
Ever Faithful" and"And God Let
the Earth Bring Forth Grass."
