# AWS Schedules Leadership Conference for New Officers
## 
### 
New officers of women's re i
dances will meet tomorrow and Sat
urday in the semi-annual AWS
leadership conference to get some
practical advice on carrying out
their jobs most efficiently.
Featured speaker at the Friday
afternoon session will be Dr. fii.v
ford Snyder, Director of Admis
10ns, who will Elaborate on the
leadership potential of Stanford
students. The meeting wiil bet ui it
4 in the lower lounge ol the Worn
en's Clubhouse

Saturday morning the officers will
meet in discussion groups, a sep
arate section for each office. Miss
Adele Strogen, Dr. Helen Schrader,
John Stahr, Betty Pierce, and Betty
Barnes will be chairmen of the dis
cussions.
James Ti iolo, associate general
ecretary, will speak at the banquet
in the Union dining loom Saturday
noon. His talk on leadership after
leaving school will conclude the
conference New officers will be in
tailed at tlii'i time
