# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
TRUDIAL
PORTABLE RADIO
No wires required
Operates on dry cell
batteries
Four tubes
COMPARE!
$19.95
HARRYS
University at Wavcrley
