# Injured DiMaggio Out for 10 Days
## 
### 
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
NEW YORK. April 30 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankee center
fielder who suffered a twisted light
ankle in yesterday's game with
Washington will be out of the line
up for at least 10 days it was an
nounced here.
DiMaggio v/ill have to remain off
his leg for at least five days. He
ports from the hospital where X
rays were taken showed no fracture
of the ankle but badly torn muscles.
