# Card Poloists Outride S.C.
## Team Wins Clean Sweep Over Troy Cards Lead League, Says S.C. Coach; Downey High Scorer 
### 
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
Card poloists made a clean sweep
of the two-game series with U.S.C.
when they defeated the Trojans by
the decisive score of 12-2 on the
local field Friday afternoon.
Steve Downey was an offense by
himself, scoring six goals during one
of his best games for the Indians.
Captain Jim Fullerton, Tom Sulli
van, and Colin McClintock split the
rest of the goals with two each.
TEAMWORK GOOD
Perfect teamwork was the explan
ation Major Harry Allen gave for
his team's victory over one of the
best-coached aggregations in the
country. The boys from down south
never had a chance.
The Indians seem to have S.C.'s
number, as they defeated the Tro
jans 10-5 last week in their first
game. With Downey in No. 2 posi
tion, the Cards galloped through
Troy in both games for what seemed
like a goal every few minutes.
UNOFFICIAL WINNER
With the defeat of Troy, Stanford
became the unofficial winner of the
unofficial conference, according to
Coach Wesley White of U.S.C. Al
though there ;s no definite confer
ence in polo, Coach White said the
Indians are definitely the leading
team.
Line-ups were:
Stanford (12) I'os. (2) U.S.C.
Sullivan (2) No. 1 (0) Williams
Downey (6) No. 2 (Pll) Decker
Fullerton (2) No. 3 (0) Jennings
McClintock (2) Back (2) Rogers
Score by chukkers:
Stanford 4 1 2 3 11 —12
U. S.C 101000 — 2
