# Freshman Collectors Appointed.
## 
### 
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
rii order to facilitate the collection
of the Freshman assessment, which is
now due. Secretary R. W. Wilson ins
devided the work up among Ihe follow
ing assistants: Miss J. I. Lakin, Miss
M. Beach, Miss E. L. McKihben, F. S.
Pratt, M. S. Haffman, and C. H. Deal.
