# JUNIORS TO JOLLY UP TOMORROW EVENING
## 
### 
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
Members of the Junior class are to
institute the Jolly Up season tomor
row evening in the Palo Alto Armory.
The affair has been carefully planned
by Chairman V. B. McClurg of the Jol
ly Up committee, and the stunts and
eats are to be a feature of the enter
tainment. The usual number of street
cars will bring the crowd back to tlio
campus at midnight. Wilson's orches
tra is to furnish the music. Custom
ary Jolly Up attire is to prevail.
