# California Notes.
## 
### 
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
California Freshmen defeated Col
lego of the Pacific Rugby team IG-0.
California will enter a track team
of SO men in the Portola meet.
