# BROOKS ANNOUNCES FRATERNITY DANCE PLANS COMPLETED
## 
### 
Final plans for the first Interfra-j
ternlty Formal, Friday night at 9
o'clock, have been completed. The
following directions for reaching
the Devonshire Country (Tub were
submitted by Phil Brooks, dance
chairman:
Turn off the main highway at
San Carlos. Follow the road to the
left for about 1.7 miles. At that
point, on the left side of the road
is placed a white sign with an ar
row pointing to a road turning to
the left. This road leads up a
slight grade for about half a mile
at which point is the clubhouse.
1 Those attending the dance are
urgently requested to comply with j
the parking directions of the. park
ing director at the club, for with
out ii systematic plan, confusion i
will follow.
There are only a few more tick- â– 
ets for sale. Programs are still j
(available at the Bookstore, and i
will be presented to bid holders all
day today. They may also be oh- '
tained at the club tonight.
