# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
Johnny Motlrani, stellar
freshman guard, was elected
captain of the 19.'11 Stanford
yearlings last night. Mottman
played his prep football for
Mission High in San Francisco,
and has been outstanding in the
freshman line (his season.
