# RAID ON CAPONE'S STRONGHOLD FAILS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
CHICAGO, Oct. 2!) MPl.—Thc Lex
ington Hotel, "outlaw camp" of Al
phonse Capone and his gang lieu
tenants, was raided by detective
squads today and found deserted ex
cept for servants.

The raid was described by Chief
of Detectives William Schoemakcr
as part of his campaign to harass
well known gangsters at every turn
and arrest them on sight.

The hotel was desci'ibed yester
day by Federal Judge James H.
Wilkerson as an "outlaw camp"
where the Capone gang "exercised a
coercive interest over those with
whom it came in contact which is
nothing less than insurrection
against the laws of the United
States."
