# VICE-PRESIDENCY NOT DESIRED BY HURLEY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2'J (A 3).—Sec
retary Hurley tried again today to
squelch the persistently recurring
reports linking him with the Re
publican vice-presidential nomina
tion in 1932.
lie emphasized two points. "First,"
h? said, "I am not a candidate. Sec
ond, I'm for someone else."

Pope wrote many of his published
poems by the time he was 10; at 20,
his Essay on Criticism; and at: 25,
his great work—the Translation of
the Iliad.
