# FROSH TENNIS TEAM CLASHES WITH BEAR CUBS ON SATURDAY
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
Stanford's freshman tennis team will
meet the California freshmen iu the
annual Intercollegiate tournament next
Saturday, on the Berkeley courts. The
freshmen have been training hard
since the opening of the quarter and
should be able to put up a favorable
showing against the Bruin cubs.
Tomorrow afternoon, the team will
journey to Berkeley for a practice on
the California courts in order to be
come accustomed to the surroundings
before the tournament Saturday. Five
men will make the trip and will play
practice matches between themselves
tomorrow. Those who will make the
trip are: R. Hinkley, T. Mertz, De-
Bach, D. Mannoccir, and B. Leeds.
According to the past records, the
freshmen stand a good chance of
winning the match with the California
freshman. R. Hinkley who ranks first
on the team is one of the best junior
players on the Coast, being holder of
the Coast and National Junior doubles
championship. He also won the Cali
fornia Interscholastic Singles cham
pionship last year. N. Deßach, who
is counted upon by many to show up
well in the tournament, was one of
the leading junior players in San
Francisco last year.
Mannocir, Leeds, and Mertz have
boon showing up woll this year and
should come through in the meet Sat
urday. Mertz ranked well up among
the junior players in Chicago last
year and should win his match against
the Berkeleyites.
The California freshmen have a well
balanced team in the Lindsay broth
ers, D. Radke, and O'Connell. Radke
has been showing up favorably in his
matches this year while O'Connell, al
though playing a slower game, is very
steady.
