# HIGH SCHOOL TRACK MEN MEET SATURDAY
## 
### 
Track enthusiasts will be able' to
get in a line on the freshman track
prospects for next year when the high
schools of Northern California clash
in their annual "big" meet on the
Stanford oval, next Saturday after
noon, at 2:30. Stars from sixteen high
schools will compete and some excep
tionally good times ought to result.
Charles of the local high school will
bear watching in the mile run, as he
is one of the best high school milers
seen in this vicinity for some time.
Leistner of the same school is reputed
to be able to travel over the high and
low hurdles in fast time. Berkeley
High always has a fast aggregation
of trackmen and this yar they are said
to be no exception.
Stanford is in danger of having this
North Coast Section meet taken else
where on account of the small popu
lation from which it can draw. The
principal reason who the officials here
desire to have it held at the local
track is that in this manner the Uni
versity may get in touch with those
who will constitute the track teams of
future years, and that these track
stars may become better acquainted
Stanford.
