# SQUAD IN PRACTICE FOR FENCING MEET
## 
### 
The fencing squad is being put
through a stiff pace by Coach Harry
Maloney, in preparation for the Skel
ton Cup Meet, to be held with the
University of California in the ; latter
part of the month. This trophy goes
to the team winning the majority of
meets in live years. Stanford has cap
tured two of the tournaments, and is
is expected that another Blue and
Gold scalp w!ll be added to the Cardi
nal belt as a result of tho coming
contest. With Kahle, Willis, and Pat
terson, three experts of last year's
squad, back on the line-up, Coach Ma
loney feels certain Of giving the
Bruins a scare.
It is planned to give several ex
hibition fencing, bouts with the na
tional champions from the Olympic
Club, at the Spring Carnival.
