# HUSKY STAR INJURED
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
SEATTLE. Oct 29 (UP).—The
University of Washington Huskies
scrimmaged today without Fred
Provo, sophomore running star, who
is nursing an injured leg and may
not appear against Oregon State
College here Saturday. Coach Ralph
(Pst) Welch complained that his
stock of backfield men is too small
to permit loss of the swivel-hipped
speedster without i( being felt in
the Husky running attack.
