# STINER SEES VICTORY
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore.. Oct. 20 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner predicted today
that "with a few breaks" the Ore
gon State football team would up
set the favored University of Wash
ington Huskies in their tilt at Se
attle Saturday.
