# ROLL RED CROSS DRESSINGS
## 
### 

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)

AT WORK in the War Baard Workshop are. from left to right, Nona
Thomas, Natalie Towle, Emlen Washburn, and Connie Frank. They are
among the hundreds of Stanford coeds rolling bandages and preparing
ether equipment for campus casualty stations. (Daily photo by Hale
Field.)
