# Water Polo Team To Face Olympics
## 
### 
In one of their toughest games of
the year, Stanford's varsity water
polo team will battle the powerful
San Francisco Olympic Club mer
men tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 in
the Encina pools.
After a tough week of training
it appeared that Emmet Cashin,
Hadley Bacon. Bill Mapel, and Don
Smith would all be lost for the cru
cial game against the Clubmen.
However, only Cashin is definitely
lost to the Card mermen, although
Smith and Bacon are in question
able condition.
Brandsten probably will start a
lineup consisting of Bacon, Mapel
and Jack Carpenter, forwards; t)ick
Narver and A1 Weeden, guards; Bob
Jones, centerback; and Pete Lee,
goalie.
'"We have our best chance in years
to beat the Olympic Club, which
hasn't been defeated in three years,"
said Coach Ernie Brandsten.
