# 'Pepper' Martin Leaves Cardinals
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15 (UP).—The
last of the famous gas house gang
left the ranks of the St. Louis Cardi
nals today when John (Pepper)
Martin, the aging but still "wild
horse of the osage," signed a one
year contract to manage the Sacra
mento Solons of the Pacific Coast
League.
Martin, who established himself as
a star by his wild-eyed hitting and
base-running which helped the Cards
win the 1931 World Series from the
Philadelphia Athletics, agreed to
terms of the contrast during a con
ference with President Sam Breadon
and Vice-President Branch Rickey
of the Cardinals and Phil Bartelme,
president of the Sacramento Club.
In his new job, Martin, 36 years
old, will serve as player-manager.
He said the basic strategy he will
seek to impart to his California
charges is "to hit the ball and run
like hell."
