# Husky Team Wary Of O.S.C. Fullback
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15 (UP). — The
University of Washington football
squad learned a lot about Big Jim
Kisselburgh, Oregon Slate College
fullback, as the Huskies toiled
through a heated workout in prepa
ration for the Beaver engagement
here Saturday. Regular guard Ray
Frankowski returned to the line-up
after a week's absence. Scouts ex
plained O.S.C. formations and warned
against Kisselburgh's line thrusts
and kicking.
