# Will Elect New Directors For Women's Club House
## 
### 
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
Six class representatives to the
Women's Club House Board of Di
rectors will be nominated at 1:10,
Tuesday, at class meetings of all
Club House members to be held in the
dance hall. Freshmen and sophomore
women will nominate four and the
juniors one, the other member being
the vice-president of Women's Con
ference.
