# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A student body meeting has been
called for Wednesday afternoon to
consider tlie amendments to (he
constitution of the Associated Stu
dents recently proposed by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The changes
to be brought about by these
amendments are of enough import
ance to merit the careful consider
ation of the students at large, and
a large meeting should be present
when they come up for considera
tion.
A student body meeting has been
called for Wednesday afternoon to
consider tlie amendments to (he
constitution of the Associated Stu
dents recently proposed by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The changes
to be brought about by these
amendments are of enough import
ance to merit the careful consider
ation of the students at large, and
a large meeting should be present
when they come up for considera
tion.
A student body meeting has been
called for Wednesday afternoon to
consider tlie amendments to (he
constitution of the Associated Stu
dents recently proposed by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The changes
to be brought about by these
amendments are of enough import
ance to merit the careful consider
ation of the students at large, and
a large meeting should be present
when they come up for considera
tion.
A student body meeting has been
called for Wednesday afternoon to
consider tlie amendments to (he
constitution of the Associated Stu
dents recently proposed by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The changes
to be brought about by these
amendments are of enough import
ance to merit the careful consider
ation of the students at large, and
a large meeting should be present
when they come up for considera
tion.
A student body meeting has been
called for Wednesday afternoon to
consider tlie amendments to (he
constitution of the Associated Stu
dents recently proposed by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The changes
to be brought about by these
amendments are of enough import
ance to merit the careful consider
ation of the students at large, and
a large meeting should be present
when they come up for considera
tion.
