# Womens' Club.
## 
### 
The Womens' Club of Palo Alto
was entertained Wednesday after
noon at the home of Mrs. C. H.
Gilbert. Officers for next year
were elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. G. Campbell; vice-presi
dent at large, Prof. Mary Roberts
Smith; secretary, Miss Anita Cor
hert; treasurer, Mrs. L. 1). Emer
son; vice-presidents from the
church, Presbyterian, Mrs. Kali K.
Hutchinson, Methodist, Mrs. Har
riet W. Thoburn, Episcopal, Mrs.
Frances R. Kusson.
The Womens' Club of Palo Alto
was entertained Wednesday after
noon at the home of Mrs. C. H.
Gilbert. Officers for next year
were elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. G. Campbell; vice-presi
dent at large, Prof. Mary Roberts
Smith; secretary, Miss Anita Cor
hert; treasurer, Mrs. L. 1). Emer
son; vice-presidents from the
church, Presbyterian, Mrs. Kali K.
Hutchinson, Methodist, Mrs. Har
riet W. Thoburn, Episcopal, Mrs.
Frances R. Kusson.
The Womens' Club of Palo Alto
was entertained Wednesday after
noon at the home of Mrs. C. H.
Gilbert. Officers for next year
were elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. G. Campbell; vice-presi
dent at large, Prof. Mary Roberts
Smith; secretary, Miss Anita Cor
hert; treasurer, Mrs. L. 1). Emer
son; vice-presidents from the
church, Presbyterian, Mrs. Kali K.
Hutchinson, Methodist, Mrs. Har
riet W. Thoburn, Episcopal, Mrs.
Frances R. Kusson.
The Womens' Club of Palo Alto
was entertained Wednesday after
noon at the home of Mrs. C. H.
Gilbert. Officers for next year
were elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. G. Campbell; vice-presi
dent at large, Prof. Mary Roberts
Smith; secretary, Miss Anita Cor
hert; treasurer, Mrs. L. 1). Emer
son; vice-presidents from the
church, Presbyterian, Mrs. Kali K.
Hutchinson, Methodist, Mrs. Har
riet W. Thoburn, Episcopal, Mrs.
Frances R. Kusson.
The Womens' Club of Palo Alto
was entertained Wednesday after
noon at the home of Mrs. C. H.
Gilbert. Officers for next year
were elected as follows: President,
Mrs. M. G. Campbell; vice-presi
dent at large, Prof. Mary Roberts
Smith; secretary, Miss Anita Cor
hert; treasurer, Mrs. L. 1). Emer
son; vice-presidents from the
church, Presbyterian, Mrs. Kali K.
Hutchinson, Methodist, Mrs. Har
riet W. Thoburn, Episcopal, Mrs.
Frances R. Kusson.
