# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
INDIANS
fl
■
■
■
■
Okay, so maybe you
don’t put ’em out
there like Jack or
Arnic or Gary, but
you can look the part
with one of R/A’s
swingin’ Alpaca
sweaters. Cardigan
style, cut free and
easy with classic bell
sleeves. Solids and
blended stripes in
black, white, tan,
blue, olive and light
green. The perfect
sweater for the links
or for general campus
wear. S/C yours, at
29.50.
I
I
ROOS/ATKINS
■
■
ft
*
