# Dennin, Bonine Approved As CYR State Officers
## 
### 
Joe Dennin and John Bonine,
officers of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, were approv
ed Saturday by the Executive
Board of the California Young
Republicans as state officers of
the California Young Republican
College Federation. They were
elected three weeks ago at the
CYRCF Convention, but the CYR
must approve CYRCF activities.
At Saturdayâ€™s meeting, a splin
ter group tried to block the ap
proval of Trent Devenney, Pep
perdine College, as CYRCF Pres
ident. Most of the Stanford dele
gation had supported Devenney
at the CYRCF Convention. The
CYR Executive Board rejected
this attempt by a vote of 53 to
20 with one abstention.
