# WASHINGTON TO PLAY PENNSYLVANIA, DEC. 3
## 
### Pacific Intercollegiate News Service 
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
That the University of Washington
will meet Pennsylvania State College
in the Sun Dodgers' stadium, at Se
attle, December 3, was the informa
tion that reached here today.
This will make the second big east
ern team that Washington has played
ni the last two years, having met
Dartmouth last season. Washington
will play eight games this season, in
cluding the Pennsylvania affair. Stan
ford goes north early in November.
