# THIRTY-THREE NAMES LEFT ON DAILY PALO ALTO TRYOUTEE LIST
## 
### 
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
....Thirty-three names of the original
sixty-five tryoutees working for mem
bership on the Daily Palo Alto staff re
main on the provisional list announced
today, as the result of the first cut after
a ten-day tryout period.
The number of candidates working
for a place this quarter by far exceeds
that of any recent year, according to
staff members in charge of the work.
All tryoutees have been assigned work
and have been asked to submit copy
dealing with any articles of news in
terest. Articles on football games, lec
tures and assemblies have been em
phasized during the past week, thus en
abling the staff members conducting the
tryouts to study the copy from a basis
of comparison, particularly in the mat
ter of leads.
Those who remain on the provisional
list are: Robert Boynton, Helen Broug
hall, Helen Brant, Katherine lies wick,
Pearl Btmdick, Edythe Baylis, Leon T.
David, Chesley M. Douglas, Virginia
Gibbons, Alice Dement, Charles Fueller,
Daniel Gage, Marian Gower, John D.
Graves, Margaret Grill, Harrison E.
Holliday, Winifred Johnston, Wana
Keesling, Lester Langford, Donald E.
Liebendorfer, Walter E. Moore, Henry
C. Mack, Dorothy Meyer, Harold N.
Morris, Dorothy Mueller, Merian Mc-
Elligott, Ruth Newlin, Mildred Nenietz,
Donald Snedden, Matthew Tobriner,
Marion Turner, Zeeda Nadine Wolfe,
Arthur Reade.
From the thirty-three remaining can
didates about a third will probably be
appointed members of the regular staff
of the Daily. Unless an extension of
time is necessary to determine the most
efficient tryoutees, the regular period
will close Wednesday, October 19, at
which time the names of appointed can
didates will appear.
