# Arabs Ambush Jewish Police
## 
### 
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
JERUSALEM, Jan. 22 (UP)—
Arabs pulled seven Jewish special
policemen from a pickup truck at
Yazur today, stabbed and beat them
to death, dragged the bodies through
the streets and then threw them into
in orange grove.
The Arabs stopped the Jewish spe
cial policemen at Yazur, i'our miles
from Jai't'a, by hastily throwing up
i roadblock. When it stopped, they
swarmed over it, pulling off the
Jews and killing them.

While part of the Arabs were kill
ing the Jews with knives, rocks and
clubs, others set the truck on fire
and burned it. Before the Jews were
overcome, they killed three of the
Arabs, which was believed to have
provoked th# savagery that followed.
