# COED WINS AWARD
## 
### 
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
Barbara Hollister, The Oaks, has
been named winner by the Bates
Fabric Co. in the competition con
ducted last quarter to send a Stan
ford representative to New York to
assist the company in its fall ad
vertising program.
