# Flu Bug Hits Two Card Coaches
## 
### 
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
Two of the victims of the flu epi
demic are Baseball Coach Harry
Wolter and Track Mentor Jack
Weiershauser. Wolter has missed
three days of baseball practice and
Weiershauser has been out two, ac
cording to Athletic Manager Gene
Coldiron. Track and baseball prac
tice has been carried on by the
assistant coaches.
