# ASSEMBLY
## CALLED FOR TOMORROW To Discuss Student Control During Coming Year Ambrose to Talk on Honor System and Student Government President A. E. Worthy, '15, and Miss Marjorie Tisdale, '15, Are Other Speakers Scheduled. 
### 
The opening assembly of Asso
ciated Students for the year will he
held at 9:15 tomorrow morning, all
classes for that hour being suspended.
The keynote of all the talks will be
"Student Government and What Is Ex
pected of Students for the Coming
Year," and the sum of them will be a
general discussion of that subject by
the leaders of the Student Body.
President A. E. Worthy, '15, of the
Associated Students, will open the as
sembly with a welcome to the new stu
dents on behalf of the Associated Stu
dents, and in the course of his talk
he will explain the working machinery
of student control, as it now exists.
The second speaker will be Miss Mar
jorie Tisdale, '15, president of the Wo
men's Conference, who will talk on
the relation of the men and women in
the activities of the University.
Student Adviser A. W. Ambrose, '13,
will bring up the subject of the honor
system to student government, dis
cussed at a general assembly last
spring. He will describe the present
status of the honor system campaign,
and will tell what remains to be ac
complished in order to have this sys
tem installed in all departments of the
University.
The Stanford Band will be present to
render a number of airs at the opening
and closing of the assembly.
