# Adv. 17 Page 6
## 
### 
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
Be
fashionable
Wear a Daily T-shirt!
The splendid little
maroon-and-white
numbers are now on
sale at a Daily office
near you. Stop by and
buy yours (only *7)
today!
