# Farm Canvassed By Census-Takers
## 
### 
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
U.S. census enumerators hit can
vassing the campus, both residence
halls and private homes, in their
once-a-decade population check.
They are handing out to students
small personal record pamphlets,
which are filled out by the indi
vidual himself, instead of his being
interviewed by the census - taker.
The campus must be finished by the
end of the month, but it is hoped
that the enumerating will be done
oiv Mum J.ua
