# DWIGHT IS WINNER OF PUNTING CONTEST
## 
### 
Herbert "Porky" Dwight won the;
annual punting contest staged yester
day afternoon in the stadium. Dwight
averaged 52 yards in five kicks.
Miles Crookshank, a transfer from
Pomona college, placed second with
an average of 51 yards. Jack Watson
and Dave Graves tied for third posi
tion. Their distance was 48 yards one
half foot. /
A strong wind blowing against the
kickers was largely responsible for
the rather poor average. Nevers kicked
58 yards on the average to win last
season. He did not compete yesterday.
The best boot of tlfti day was made I
by Graves when he kicked G1 yards. ]
Cleaveland, who placed third last sea
son, tied with Boone for fourth this;
year.
Dwight will have his name inscribed
on a perpetual cup which was pre-4
sented by Roos Brothers.
I
