# Adv. 30 Page 9
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
ADMIN
ASSISTANTS
Part-time positions
available. Two to
four hours per day
(M-F). Assist with
general admin and
clerical tasks. Reqs:
excellent academic
skills, minimum typ
ing speed of 35 wpm,
ability to write and
communicate effec
tively, high degree of
accuracy and atten
tion to detail, flexibil
ity and willingness to
learn. $5 - $7 per
hour depending on
qualifications and
experience.
Send resume to:
Personnel, American
Institutes for
Research
P.O. Box 1113
Palo Alto, CA 94302.
The VA Palo Alto Health
Care System is looking for
physicians who are willing
to perform compensation
and pension examinations
on Veterans at the Palo
Alto campuses. Duties will
include taking a medical
history, doing a physical
examination, and dictating
examine and findings. You
will not be expected to
provide treatment to the
Veteran and you will not
be required to make any
judgments on whether or
not the Veteran should
receive disability. Work
hours are flexible and
examinations may be car
ried out after-hours and on
weekends. Physicians will
receive $65.(X) per exami
nation for this service
Interested parties should
contact:
Neil Levin, Ml)
Acting ACOS for Ambulatory
Care (11C)
VA I':ilo Alto Health Care
System
3HOI Miranda Ave
Pate Alio, ca 94303
(-115) 493-5000 ext. 65895
