# Will Hold Rifle Matches In July
## 
### 
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
Civilian rifle clubs will hold their
matches at Leona Heights and Eagle
Rock Ranges, on July 4, 5, and 6.
One officer from the National Guard
will be detailed at the range as exe
cutive officer.
