# FORMER STANFORD JANITOR HELD FOR AUTOMOBILE THEFT
## 
### 
Arraignment of William Maxwell,
former Stanford janitor, Cyril
Hyde, and John Burns on ii charge
of automobile theft, took place he
fore Judge Kdward Hardy in Palo
Alto yesterday. The preliminary
lien ring will be held today.
Maxwell, Hyde, and Burns were
arrested in Santa Maria for the
theft of ii car belonging to Mrs.
Florence I). Skipp. 402 Staller
Court, Palo Alto, which was taken
from its parking place near the
Stanford Union a week ago yester
day. They were brought back to the
Santa Clara county jail Thursday.
Under the charge on which they
were arraigned, the prisoners face
a penalty of one to five years in
prison or a fine of $1000 to $5000
or both if convicted.
