# TARIFF SESSION HEARS CHARGES
## LaFollette Argues Against Monopoly in Chemicals 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
WASHINGTON, Feb. (/P)
Reaching the important section of
the tariff bill which continues in
effect tlie post war policy of basing
duties,on coal tar dyes and medi
cinal products on American valua
tion, the Senate today heard mono
poliy charges against both the
and European chemical industries
in arguments for and against re
peal of the section. A vote prob
ably will be reached tomorrow.
Arguing for repeal, Senator La-
Follette, Republican Independent,
Wisconsin, said the American dye
and chemical companies were en
gaged in "combinations to fix
prices and to control the American
market" He declared use of the
American instead of foreign valua
tion provided and embargo against
foreign dyes, ?,nd that domestic
producers not only supplied 94 per
cent of the American market and
made huge profits, but exported
dyes at prices below those charged
in this country.
