# Syllabus Fees Are Due Thursday, February 6
## 
### 
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
Statements for the winter quar
ter syllabus fees have been issued
and are payable on or before Tues
day, February G, in the Administra
tion building. If the money is
brought in before Thursday, it
should be placed in an envelope
with the bill, and put in a box at
the cashier's window in the Audi
tor's office. On Thursday the money
may be paid downstairs. If not paid
by 5 o'clock, Thursday, a $2 line
will be added.
