# GODDARD IN PLANE SPIES ON SUNBATH, DECLARES WOMAN
## 
### 
"Hello, Mrs. Goddard? Well, I
want to tell you that your hus
band has been deliberately flying
over my garden every day in his
flying machine, and 1 won't have
it any longer." Such was the
complaint received at the Palo
Alto Airport last Saturday after
noon over the telephone in a
woman's irate voice.
"I say that citizens have their
rights. 1 am in the habit of tak
ing sunbaths in my garden, and
today Lieutenant Goddard de
liberately stopped in the air
overhead."
Goddard was flying 1000 feet
up at the time, and feels that
the lady was rather Inclined to
be self-centered. He requests
that she reveal lier identity, as
it would be invaluable to him if
she would certify that he ac
tually stopped in mid-air.
