# 1930 WOMEN TO MEET FRESHMAN CAGE TEAM
## 
### 
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
Women's interclass basketball will
begin today when the freshmen meet
the sophomores in the first practice
| game of tlie season. Two different
combinations will be used by each
team so that every woman will have
an opportunity to show what she can
do, announces Helen Masters Bunt
ing, coach. Mary Edith Jones is cap
tain of the freshman team, and
Maxine Gushing of the sophomores.
Regular games for the interclass
championship in basketball will be
gin March 1. First and second teams
will not be chosen until the end of
the season.
