# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
Cornell has recently received a gift
of $1,650,000 for the construction of
new women's dormitories. The money
was the gift of an anonymous alum
nus.
