# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
I'alo Alto Hospital—Duncan Ste
vens. Katherine Phelps. Owen Pow
ell. Fred Lcighton, Carolyn Kemm
lcr.
Men's Rest Home — Frank ClifT,
Robert Kearns, James Harding,
Richard Cornew, David Field, Sat
paul Bhatnager.
Women's Rest Home Junya Doty,
Joyce Oldham.
