# Unclaimed '49 Quads Should Be Picked Up
## 
### 
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
A number o» unclaimed lH 111
Quads which were purchased by
students last year should he
picked up immediately. Student
Manager John Eilienthal an
nounced yesterdav. The receipt
must he presented to claim year
books.
A few *l!l Quads sue still left.
They are on sale at the ASSU of
fice for $7.03.
