# OK on Farm Bill Due
## 
### 
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
WASHINGTON—Congress moved
today toward passage of a farm bill
that would let the government keep
agricultural price supports at or
near wartime levels indefinitely.
Hammered out by a Senate-House
conference committee after days of
hitter discoid, the measure was be
ing put into final shape for submis
sin to both houses.
The bi'l would give the Agricul
ture Department authority to sup
port prices of virtually every farm
commodity at 90 per cent of parity
as long as it wished and as long as
Congress made the support funds
available. This is the level of sup
port in effect for most commodities
since early in the war.
