# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
The Stanford Daily
announces its
Third
Annual
Photography
Contest
Entries for the contest will be accepted in three
categories: people, social comment and scenic. Each
contestant may enter up to three prints, mounted or
un-mounted, black and white only. The contest is
open to all Stanford students, faculty and staff. All
entries must be at the Daily offices (across the plaza
from the Terman Engineering Building) by 6 p.m. on
Friday, Feb. 3 and should have the photographer's
name, address, telephone number and photo title (if
any) clearly marked on the back. All entries will be
returned following judging and publication of a spe
cial Photo Supplement of The Daily, in which selec
tions from the contest will be printed. Prizes will be
awarded.
