# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
Cubberley House announces the
engagement of Ruth Clark, '51, to
John Kaincna, '51. The couple plans
to be married next summer.
