# BADMINTON CLUB
## 
### 
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
Badminton Club will meet at 7:30
p.m. in the Women's Gym. Wear
tennis shoes and bring racquets and
shuttlecocks.
