# Activity Tryouts
## GAIETIES TRYOUTS 
### 
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
Tryouts for parts in the 1950 Big
Game Gaieties will continue tonight
from 7:30 to 10 in the Ram's Head
room at the rear of the Memorial
Auditorium.
