# STUDENTS INCAPABLE
## 
### 
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
Professors of the Ohio State Univer
sity declare that one-third of the stu
dents at the university are incapable
of doing the work.
