# E. W. HOPKINS, DONOR OF SCHOLARSHIP, DIES
## 
### 
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
E. W. Hopkins, donor of the Hopkins
Scholarship, died last night at his
home in San Francisco. In 1923 the
University received from Mr. Hopkins
a gift of $25,000, the income of which
was to be used for paying the tuition
of needy students. Five scholarships
for entering students, of the annual
value of $250 each, were established
from the fund.
Mr. Hopkins is a prominent San
Francisco business man and capitalist.
He is the cousin of Timothy Hopkins,
one of the first University trustees
and founder of the Hopkins Marine
Statiou.
