# Negro's Patience Cited in Speech
## 
### 
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
"During the Jong and almost
humorous struggle of the Negro |
to gain cqu a 1 transportation
rights in this country, he has
managed to keep his sense of
humor, which is fort un a t e,"
I Franklin Williams said in speak
ing before a meeting of the local
chapter of the National Associa
tion for the Advancement of Col
ored People here last night.
