# NCAA CHAMP
## 
### 
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
Sandy Tatum, Farm linkster,
copped the NCAA championsnip
in 1912.
