# OPERA SCORES MAY BE BOUGHT AT BOOKSTORE
## 
### 
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
Scores for the Junior Opera may be
obtained at the Bookstore until the lim
ited supply is exhausted. The scores
contain all the most popular songs of
the opera and are on sale for $1.25.
Texts recently received bv the Book
store include Marks, Mechanical Engi
neering Handbook"; Virgil, "Aeneid;"
Babson, "Business Barometer"; Doug
las, "Europe and the Far East"; and a
supply of English-Spanish dictionaries.
