# Briefly
## 
### 
Administration shake-up
Responsibilities tor three adminis
trators in the Office of Business and
Finance have been changed, Vice
President William Massy announced
last month.
Jason Mavis, director of service
operations, will head a new organiza
tion consolidating the additional
functions of facilities planning and
construction, facilities engineering,
facilities operations, housing and
food services, logistics and pro
curement.
Rod Adams, director of finance,
will assume additional respon
sibilities for real estate, including the
Shopping Center and faculty-staff
housing and risk management.
Kent Peterson, associate vice pres
ident, will exercise administrative
supervision over technology licens
ingand landuse planning, in addition
to his current responsibilities for
management and financial planning.
