# Adv. 27 Page 6
## 
### 
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
Advertise your
qualifications, aspirations
and need for summer
employment in the
"MARKETPLACE," a
new section of the
Alumni Almanac.
Circulation 110,000
alumni.
$5.00 rate for students
Forms at Bowman and
C P & P.
Deadline: March 1
Questions: 497-2021
