# BULGARS, BRITISH NEARING WAR BREAK
## 
### 
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
SOFIA, Tues., March 4 (UP).—A
complete break in diplomatic rela
tions bringing Britain and Bulgaria
to the point of war is "only a mat
ter of hours," a British spokesman
said early today as German troops
occupying Bulgaria rapidly neared
the 300,000 mark.
