# Additional Prom Bids to Be Sold
## 
### 
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
The first 20 seniors whose names
appear on the waiting list for Senior
Prom bids will be allowed to buy
tickets today, according to Dan Hays,
dance head.
"There are over 75 on the lists who
came too late for the 600 quota, but
the 'hard-luck stories' from seniors
who would be missing one of their
class' last functions persuaded us to
release just 20 tickets for senior
men," Hays said.
'"The committee feels that this will
not materially affect the attendance
and will not serve to inconvenience
dancers," Art Gore added. "We are
definitely not printing a lot of extra
bids," he said.
