# Harrington, Boggs Elected to Nom Com
## 
### 
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
Jane Harrington, president of La
gunita, and Muriel Boggs, Alpha
Phi and member of Ex Committee,
were elected yesterday by Women's
Conference to serve on the women's
nominating committee for spring
elections. The other seven mem
bers are Anne Kiliefer, Mock Ray,
Mary Etta Farrell, Portia Smith,
Martha Phillips, Nell Plopper, and
Marky Nordling.
