# Will Investigate Creek Bed.
## 
### 
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
Members of the Botany class will
visit Mud Lakes and Corte Madero
creek on the road to La Honda next
Saturday. The trip probably will be
made by bus, leaving the Botany la
boratory at 8:30 in the morning.
