# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
I nit;il'iuii Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. 10 a.m., Professor H.
D. Gray starts course of lectures to
students on "The Literary Study of
the Rible." 11 a.m., sermon, "Our
Heritage." 7:30 p.m., lecture, "The
Bibles of Mankind.
