# Wrestling Sign-up
## 
### 
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
Intramural wrestling is sched
uled to start Monday, Feb. 2f>.
Meanwhile, managers must bring
their lists of competitors to Di
rector Elwyn Bugge. All contest
ants must have two weeks of con
ditioning before the matches be
gin.
