# Newsprint Price Probe Will Start
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23 (UP)
Chairman Warren G. Magnu
son (D-Wash.) announced today
that his Senate Interstate Com
merce Committee will begin heat
ings next month on the "shock
ing situation" posed by price
boosts on newsprint.
He said publishers, paper man
ufacturers and government agen
cies have been asked to testify.
He said the hearings, starting
Feb. 26, "may continue for some
time."
He said the recently announced
$1 -a-ton hike in newsprint prices
"imposes a hardship on a great
segment of the American press
and other newsprint users."
Earlier in the day, Senator Es
tes Kefauver tD-Tenn.), new
chairman of the Senate Anti-Mo
nopoly Subcommittee, said that
group plans to use some of the
$300,000 Investigative budget it
has requested to look into the
newsprint price increases.
