# AWS to Sponsor Benefit Concert
## 
### 
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
Associated Women Students is
sponsoring a benefit concert for
its scholarship drive Saturday,
Feb. 9. at 2:30 in Memorial Audi
torium.
Featured will be Ihe Gateway
Singers, a group well known for
their performances at the hungry
i in San Francisco.
Tickets are now available at
the ASSU office and will be sold
on Engineering Corner beginning
Monday.
