# Espinosa Presents Slides At Lecture In Little Theater
## 
### 
"So many races have lived and
flourished in Spain that it is truly
a picture of art," said Professor Au
relio Espinosa last night in the Lit
tle Theatre, where he presented a
number of slides illustrating the
Moorish, Arabic and Mudejar forms
of architecture as found in the va
rious cities of southern Spain.
Pictures indicating the different
types of peasants, including the
islanders of Majoroca, the isolated
inhabitants of the Sierra Nevadas,
and the provincials of Aragon, were
also shown.
Speaking of Granada, Professor
Espinosa said, "I have never seen
anything that equals the beauty of
this region, with the possible ex
ception of the approach to Naples."
He presented many pictures of the
Alhambra, among which were beau
tifully landscaped courtyards and
patios, and richly decorated upper
rooms where the Moorish noble
women were kept.
"Toledo is called the spiritual cap
ital of Spain," continued the speaker.
"It preserves more traces of the va
rious cultures than any other city,
and for that reason is one of the
most unique cities in Spain.
"Two-thirds of the city is sur
rounded by a river, the rest by a
huge medieval wall, so it is well
fortified."
In the scene of an ordinary gate
in the wall around Toledo, Profes
sor Espinosa pointed out the charac
teristic features of the Mudejar
architecture, which he said was a
beautiful blending of all the other
types found in Spainâ€”Arabic, Chris
tian, Gothic, Moorish and Roman.
