# CANADIAN MINISTER, ECONOMICS EXPERT, SPEAKS TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Reverend Allan Pearson Shat
ford, who will address the students
at an all-University assembly to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock, is
one of the best speakers in the
Dominion of Canada on political and
economic conditions, as far as a
canon can speak on such subjects,
Professor Edwin A. Cottrell, chair
man of the Committee on Public
Exercises, declared yesterday.

World unity will be the topic of
tho address, which is entitled "The
Bridge Builders." The Reverend
Shatford is the visiting preacher in
the Memorial Church for next Sun
day. He delivered the sermon last
Sunday also.

The speaker has a very distin
guished record, according to Pro
fessor Cottrell. He is a canon of
Christ Church Cathedral, Montreal.
During the World War he served in
France for four years. The King of
England has decorated him with the
Order of the British Empire. In
1923-24 he was Grand Master of
Masons in the province of Quebec.
"Who's Who" also lists him as the
author of numerous publications.
