# ABANDON PLANS FOR DANCE
## Freshman Class Holds Special Meeting' to Vote Stunt Money for Saturday's Game. 
### 
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
In response to the request from the
stunt committee for $25 towards the
fund for the stunts at the game next
Saturday, the Freshman Class held a
special meeting today and voted that
the sum be paid to the committee.
After a discussion as to the advis
ability of a fifty-cent assessment, a
motion was passed making the assess
ment twenty-five cents for each mem
ber.
The dance committee reported that
they had received a communication
from the Student Affairs Committee
which strongly advised against the
class giving a dance to all the classes.
As a result the dance committee
thought it best to drop all arrange
ments for such an affair. Their rec
ommendation was adopted by the
class.
President Lewis announced that
rooters hats would be on sale Thurs
day and could he purchased on the
quadrangle.
