# Farm Alum Review Is Still Available
## 
### 
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
There are still a few copies of the
December Stanford Alumni Review
available at the Cellar newsstand.
Pete Allen, editor, announced yes
terday.
This issue contains the biography
of Stanford's new president, Dr
Wallace Sterling, together with pic
tures of himself and his family.
