# Acorns Sign New Southpaw Hurler
## 
### 
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11 (£>)'. — Jim
Wallace, left - handed pitcher for
merly with the Boston Braves and
Indianapolis and Milwaukee in the
American Association, signed with
the Pacific Coast League Qakland
club today. He was a free agent.
Wallace retired after the 1947
season with Milwaukee because of a
pulled arm muscle. He assured Oak
Manager Charley Dressen his arm
is well again. He was signed on
trial.
