# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Sally Beeman, '36,
to Tim Terry, Delta Upsilon, '55.
