# Zetes Advance in Mural Play-Offs
## 
### 
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
Zcta P.si led eight teams into the
quarter-finals of the intramural bas
ketball playoffs, blasting Sigma Nu
66-20 Monday night.
Encina 2E .scored one of the major
upsets of the tournament thus far
when they edged Delt I, 32-31. The
freshman cagers will face Phi Delt
in their next game.
Other results Monday night saw
Theta Chi II toppling Encina 3W,
34-15; Phi Delt eliminating Encina
Center, 38-25; Village 216 drubbing
Kuppa Alpha, 37-16; Biz School
thumping Globesquatters, 34 - 16;
ATO eliminating Encina 2W, 24-18;
and Sigma Chi whipping Kappa Sig,
36-21.
