# Sponsor Talks Continue Tonight
## 
### 
Sponsor talks will continue to
night at Guthrie, Lathrop, Union,
Magnolia Casa at Lagunita, and
Ventura.
All talks will begin immediately
after dinner and will be brief. Ex
sponsors will be on hand at all of
the meetings to answer any ques
tions concerning sponsoring and to
give a brief explanation of the
sponsor's job.
All students interested in sponsor
ing are urged by the Sponsor Choos
ing Committee to attend one of
these meetings.
Application blanks are now avail
able at the ASSU office and may bo
secured there until Friday. Appli
cations may be turned in until
Tuesday and students may make-ap
pointments for interviews aL the
lime of turning in the application at
the ASSU office.
Interviewing will be held next;
week with appointment times avail
able in both the morning and after
noons every day.
