# Russ Editor Itinerary Formulated
## 
### BILL WRIGHT 
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
Associate Editor, The Daily
Details are still undecided, but
Stanford has established a basic
itinerary for the visit of the 11
Russian newspaper editors next
month.
The principal phases of the tour
were agreed upon and responsibility
for arranging details was assigned
yesterday at a meeting between stu
dents and the administration.
Frederick O. Glover, assistant to
the president, said that all advance
plans will be definite by Friday af
ternoon. Another meeting is sched
uled for that time.
The University will report its
complete agenda by Monday to the
Institute of International Education,
which Ls administering the tour of
the Soviet visitors. The group's 30-
day stay in the United States is be
ing paid for by the Russian govern
ment.
ARRIVAL
The editors—about half university
graduate students and half profes
sional journalists — will arrive on
campus sometime during the eve
ning of Monday, May 2, according to
Arthur C. Nagle, director of special
programs for the lIE.
Stanford will be in charge of all
plans from the time the Russians ar
rive Monday until they leave Wed
nesday morning. The schedule
which is outlined below is tentative
and subject to change, according to
Glover.
The Russians will be greeted at
Bowman Alumni House on their ar
rival by representatives of the Uni
versity, the ASSU, and the Institute
of International Relations. No other
events are scheduled for the first
night.
HOUSES PICKED
The visitors will be housed both
nights of their stay at three frater
nities selected last night at the In
terfraternity Council meeting. Chi
Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Phi
Kappa Psi were selected in a draw
ing.
The IFC decided that a drawing
was the only fair way to solve the
problem; a great number of houses
had offered their facilities. The Rus
sians should not be divided into
more than three groups because of
the language problem, Nagle said.
Tuesday morning, May 3, the Rus
sians will cat breakfast with the
fraternity men. Then the group will
meet at 9 in Hoover Library for a
view of the campus from the tower,
an inspection of library materials,
and possibly a short press confer
ence.
Peter C. Allen, director of infor
mation and publications, will handle
this part of the arrangements.
ALTERNATE TOURS
So that the Russians will have an
opportunity to see things which in
terest them, alternative tours for the
rest of the morning are being sched
uled by Allen and ASSU President
Pete Bing. Coffee at the Cellar, vis
its to classes, the Planning OfTice,
and the Microwave Laboratory are
being considered.
The Executive Committee will
lunch with the visitors and Excom
will handle all the details. A dis
cussion will be held afterward.
The afternoon agenda, which will
cater to the Russians' preferences,
will include among its alternatives
a trip around campus, and an in
spection of the athletic facilities and
program which will be highlighted
that afternoon by a baseball game
between the varsity and Sacramento
State.
The eating clubs and the lIR are
working on plans for a barbecue
dinner, and the III? will sponsor a
forum discussion, probably in Bow
man, that evening.
