# WORD OF THANKS
## 
### 
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
The Edjtor, Sir:
As one who attended the rather
difficult meeting that resulted from
the women's petition for an assembly,
I want to thank Miss Harris for the
impartial and thoroughly capable
manner in which she presided.
—Stanford '29.
