# ABOLISH COLLEGIATE CLOTHES
## 
### 
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
Imported western-style clothing
which was formerly popular among
college students in China, is to be
abolished by the Canton government.
