# FOOD TO BE SOLD IN BOOTHS AT BIG GAME
## 
### 
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
Contrary to the general impression
that people will not be able to get any
thing to eat around the stadium on the
day of the Big Game, the Board of Con
trol announces that there will be all
manner of food for sale under its direct
supervision.
Nothing will cost more tiian ten cents,
as it is the purpose of the board to do
away with all hold-up prices. All con
cessions will be confined to booths on
the outside of the stadium, and only
programs will be sold on the inside.
