# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIHIIII
TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
7-Passenger and 5-Passenger Touring §
Cars and Sedans =
2oc SERVICE 1
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
lIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItIMIIIIIIIIII
