# Sullivan to Lecture Tomorrow Evening
## 
### 
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
Rev. William L. Sullivan, formerly
a Paulist father in the Roman Cath
olic church, now a Unitarian evangel
ist, will lecture at Stanford, Wednes
day evening.
The liev. Mr. Sullivan has been des
ignated •"an inspired prophet of the
Twentieth century." In no way sen
sational or startling, he stirs by his
forcible grasp of the subjects with
which he deals. At present he is
making a speaking tour of the Pacific
coast, on which he will visit the Uni
versity of California, the University
of Oregon, Reed College and the Uni
veiAt.v of Washington, in addition to
Stafford.
