# PROF. G.E. COOVER PUBLISHES BOOK
## 
### 
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
After a work covering a period of
years, Assistant Professor John Edgar
Coover of the Psychology department
has completed and received from the
publishers the first copy of his hook
entitled "Formal Discipline." The
hook was published in Baltimore and
was put on the market during the
summer, the library receiving several
copies.
It contains psychological mona
graphs and devotes several chapters
to an extensive study of formal dis
cipline from the standpoint of ex
perimental psychology. Professor
Coover in the preface expresses his
thanks for the help given him by
students and associates in the depart
ment and enumerates a list of those
who assisted him in making various
experiments that the book is based
upon.
The "Journal of Educational Psy
chology," published in Baltimore, gives
the book a page of favorable com
ment. In part, the editor says:
"Professor Coover's book is undoubt
edly the most elaborate investigation
of the subject of formal discipline
that has yet been attempted."
