# Former D.P.A. Man Opens Offices.
## 
### 
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
Irwin E. Farrar, '15, former manager
of The Daily Palo Alto, has opened
law offices in Corona, California.
