# PHI BETA KAPPA ELECTS TWENTY-FIVE MEMBERS
## 
### 
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
Phi Beta Kappa announces the
dection of the following:
Rimo Bacigalupi
James W. Barnett
Irma L. Bley
Robert G. Bundy
Hazel V. Churchman
Elton F. Cornell
Montana Delbon
Sydney C. Ewing
Edward M. Framer
Frances M. Green
Jessie E. Herron
Wanda L. Johnson
Kenneth K. Kelly
Laura E. Kennedy
Herman A. Klenek
Horace A. Lanterman
Leona M. Mayer
Warren W. Nicholas
Elizabeth Noyes
Henry K. Oberg
Algot J. Peterson
Gilford G. Rowland
Ruth E. Stern
Mary E. Tingley
T Wilhur*
