# More Politicus
## 
### 
The Rally Committee has repeatedly
declared that our yell leader should be
elected on the basis of merit. Tomorrow
we are to vote upon two men for this
position. The merit of one of the candi
dates is known to the student body. The
other has never appeared before the stu
dent body in the role of a yell leader.
Why does the Rally Committee refrain
from having both of the candidates ap
pear at the student's award assembly to
morrow before the votes are to be cast?
It would not be unfair to the untried
candiate because of the fact that he has
known of his candidacy for the past two
weeks and had sufficient time to learn
the motions if he so desired. It is to
be noted that this time is a shorter
period than that granted the assistants
at their tryout in their sophomore year.
T. E. BOW EN, '23.
