# INSIDE
## 
### 
Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

Irish rocked
So close, and yet Stanford
loses in a heroic gridiron
match-up.
See Sports, page 9

Rolling Africa
Two writers' books about
traveling through Africa
miss the mark.
See Books, page 7

Berlin rocking
Pro-reform protests in East
Germany reach a post-1953
peak.
See World & Nation, page 3

