# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
After Every Meal
| !'i I i ! 111
All the goodness,
flavor and quality
that goes into
WRIGLEY'S at the
factory IS KEPT IN
IT FOR YOU.
The sealed pack-
Base does that—You
break the seal.
WRIGLEV'S is pure
chicle and other ingre
dients of the hishest
quality obtainable.
Made under modern
sanitary conditions.
WRICLEY'S aids appe
tite. keeps teeth white and
helps digestion.
Save Wri^
