# SOCCER TEAMS WILL ELECT NEW CAPTAIN
## 
### 
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
For the purpose of electing a. cap
tain for next year's varsity soccer
team, the varsity and freshman soccer
squads will hold a banquet at the New
Union tonight. The dinner is an an
nual affair ami acts, besides the elec
tion of the new captain, as a sort of
get-together for the two squads.
Bill Swayne is the outgoing varsity
captain. Bob Bailard has piloted the
first-year team through the past sea
son.
