# Deadline Nears For Scott Award
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
Tomorrow is the deadline for
applications for the Scott Foun
dation Award, a scholarship es
lablished for engineering and
chemistry students by the Scott
Paper Company Foundation.
Applications ate available in
Ihe Dean of Men's office. Quali
fications include at least a 2.6
grade-point average and leader
ship in classroom and extracur
ricular activities.
