# Cubberley Book Orders Now Taken
## 
### 
A special pre-publication price
has been announced by the Stan
ford Press for the forthcoming
biography of Ellwood p. Cubber
ley, "Cubberley of Stanford and
His Contribution to American
Education."
The Stanford Bookstore is now
receiving orders for the book.
Those received at the Bookstore
before June 15 will bo filled at
$4.75. The regular $5.75 price
will be effective after June 15.
The book by Jesse B. Sears and
Adin Henderson is "set against
the background of the most ex
citing and decisive period in
American education," and pre
sents Cubberley in "all signifi
cant aspects of his long and no
table career as teacher, scholar,
administrator, author, editor and
philanthropist."
