# Many to Present 1957 Spring Sing
## 
### 
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
One of the largest fields ever
to present the annual Spring
Sing will he heard in Frost Am
phitheater Friday evening begin
ning at 7:15. Forty-three groups
will participate.
Judging will tie based on 30
l>er cent for appearance dress,
conduct, oiiginalily; and 70 pet
cent on musical technique har
mony, tone quality. Groups with
less than so members will be lim
ited to four minutes while
groups composed of over 80
voires will be given five minutes.
Judges for the evening will be
Dr. Herbert Nanney, assistant
professor of music and Univer
sity organist; Dr. Leonard Rat
ner, associate professor of mu
sic; Miss Adele Strogen. assist
ant Dean of Women; and Ken
neth Clark, instructor in speech
and drama.
Hob Swinth is chairman of the
Spring Sing and Jim Bass is in
charge of publicity.
