# Con Home Drive Grosses $12,000
## 
### 
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
The S I a n ford Convalescent
Homo Drive grossed $12,000, sur
passing Ihr goal hy $2000, ae
coiding lo Al Ferris, Con Home
Drive publicity chairman. After
expenses have been paid, ho
hopes the net will be about $11.-
400.
Every event went over Us goal,
and off • campus solicitation,
which alone took in $7000, was
especially outstanding, Ferris
said.
