# Theta Chi's to Give Gypsy Dance
## 
### 
Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

Last year ail accordionist entertained at the
annual Tlieta Chi all-campus Gypsy Dance. This
year the accordionist will be Lou ('asclannus.
The dance, a costume affair, will he held this
year from 9 to I at the fraternity house, and
admission will he free. Palm and eucalyptus

decorations will he spread from the patio to the
"Starlight Roof." Free punch, snacks and a
barbecue will he served. Music will be provided
by AI Schal l and his band, arid Dare Stark Me-
Mnliin will tell fortunes. The fraternity will
also offer hayrides.

