# BEST IN LEAGUE
## 
### 
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
Rudy Figueroa is rated as bes
third baseman in CiIJA hy Dutcl
Feb ring.
