# Final Baseball Game.
## 
### 
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
Treasurer Nourse yesterday made
part of the arrangements for the
tinal baseball game of the inter
collegiate series. The game will be
played at Recreation Park in San
Francisco on Saturday morning,
April '2(Sth, beginning at 10:30.
