# Adv. 28 Page 5
## 
### 
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dy^ylore
couples
come to
Carlvle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
CarlijL
EWELER3
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
