# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
Nothing fits
like an old
tennis shoe.
Unless it's a
resoled
tennis shoe.
trec|2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tfed2
111 Homer Ave.,
Downtown Palo Alto
/ 324-0700
