# Stanford Student Passes Away After Brief Illness
## 
### 
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
After a very short illness, culmin
ating in a sudden case of typhoid
fever, Melaticthon Smith, '19, of Los
Angeles, passed away in his home,
Wednesday night. The deceased play
ed on the freshmen football team last
year and was a member of Phi Kappa
Sigma fraternity. He was held in the
highest esteem by all who knew him
for his absolute sincerity of purpose
and his ideals.
