# Senior Honor Cards For Quad Now Due
## 
### 
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
Senior honor cards for the 1918
Quad must all lie turned in by Wed
nesday, according to Editor B. C.
Wolilford. 'IS. Reply postcards liave
been mailed to every member of the
1917 class, but in case any senior
should have failed to receive one of
these he should write out his list of
honors and mail it to Editor Wohlford
at once.
Form Of the senior honor lists will
h(< the same as in past years, name,
home address, major subject, fratern
ity, offices, club memberships and
other college honors, being the ac
cepted order.
