# Marine Laboratory Plans Are Approved by Trustees
## 
### 
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
Plans for the marine laboratory at
Pacific Grove, on old China Point,
were approved today by the Board of
Trustees. The plans were drawn by
Architect George W. Kelham, and in
clude erection of a simple though
strong concrete structure. The build
ing will be erected during the sum
mer.
