# Announcement of Death of Al Young, ex-'16, Received
## 
### 
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
Al Young, ex-'l6, died Wednesday in
Chicago from heart failure. Young
was a member of Tlieta Delta Chi fra
ternity.
