# Adv. 28 Page 8
## 
### 
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
O'NESI'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
/ftGKEfS)
Friday—Saturday
"Brewster's
Millions"
Dennis O'Keefe
— and —
"Outlaws of the
Rockies"
Charles Starrett
Sunday—Monday
4 What Next,
Corporal Hargrove?"
Robert Walker
Keener) Wynn
— and —
"SHANGHAI COBRA"
Sidney Toler
