# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
RECORDS
For the Largest Selection
of Both Popular and Classi
cal Records and Albums on
the Peninsula, it's
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 Univ. Ave. P A. 8315
