# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
ALTO
%
COSMETIC
CLEARANCE
Have you noticed . . . ? Our fine
cosmetic bar has been moved to a new
location right in the center of our main
floor. Up until the end of July we are
offering some fine items priced to clear
—real buys for both men and women.
DRASTIC REDUCTIONS
