# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
.... There are fellows on the
campus, and there axe some girls
on the campus (I've been told),
but like the saying. East is East
and West is West, they don't seem
to meet. Some fellows do know
some girls, but for the most part
the vast majority are not present
ed with the proper means of be
coming acquainted, and unfortu
nately the "Hershey Bar" doesn't
seem to command all the power it
is reputed to have. We all should
admit that conditions are deplor
able in this matter, and some
thing should be done.
We have a fine group of student
officers who have been on the
campus for a while and are known
and do know, but couldn't they
arrange for weekly (or twice-a
month) socials to be held to give
those who don't know the chance
of knowing? . . .
Personally I stay in and study
Friday and Saturday nights.
Richard E. Pachtmnn
