# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
I
ROBLE
Every room in Roble should
contain a bottle of Laceine.
It cleans velvet, crepe de #
chine, silk ties, white shoes,
and gloves. Made only by
University Pharmacy
F. J. BTEINMETZ
—1 -3-4—
University Ave.
