# MRS. CLARKE, PIANIST, DELIGHTS AUDIENCE
## 
### 
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
Mrs. Katherine Yander Koest Clarke
delighted a small but enthusiastic audi
ence in the Assembly Hall Tuesday
night, with a group of piano solos.
Several encores were called for, the
most popular one being a piece called
the Gollywogs Cakewalk. The concert
was arrangd by John A. Sellards, di
rector of the summer quarter, and took
the place of the regular Tuesday eve
ning lecture.
