# DR. HERMAN FINER TO LECTURE WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
"Recent Developments in English
Political Institutions" will be the sub
ject of a lecture by Dr. Herman Finer,
secretary in the London School of Eco
nomic and Political Science, to be held
in the Little Theatre on Wednesday,
July 16, at 4:15 p.m.
Dr. Finer, who holds the Spelman
Research Scholarship, is here to study
American political and social institu
tions. He is eminent as an author, and
is making a lecture tour of the differ
ent universities in the United States.
