# DELICIOUS FOOD
## 
### 
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
is being served at the Beta House, 11
Lasuen. A few places are still avail
able. Prices, $1.00 per day. Why pay
more and get less to eat? —Adv.

Girls' canoeing classes at the Univer
sity of Oregon are now in full swing
