# 20th-Century Drawings
## 
### 

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.

ART EXHIBIT—A loan exhibition of the drawings of outstanding
20th century artists is currently on display in the Art Gallery.
The drawings have been gathered from public and private col
lections throughout the United States by the Stanford Committee
for Art. Shown is a Degas ballet dancer sketch.
