# Coro Foundation To Recruit Here
## 
### 
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
Students interested in learning
about the Coro internship program
may meet at 4:15 p.m. today in West
Memorial Library in the Political
Science Department. Two present
Coro interns—Stanford graduate Ce
cil Riley and Oliver Peter from Po
mona—will discuss the program and
answer questions. Individual inter
views will be held at the Placement
Service tomorrow.
