# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
IMMEDIATE ACTION?
To EUROPE
via
Student Ship
June 26 — Sept. 15
seleciion of short lours,
plus a month "on your own"
$390 —$660
Very Limited Space
Phone
The University
Travel Service
DA 3-2468
