# Sunday Serial Shows Life in Junnnngle
## 
### 
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
"Cheers for Miss Bishop" with
Martha Scott and William Gargan
will be shown at Porter's Fix Sun
day at 7:!50 p. 111. in Memorial
Hall.
At this time. Chapter I of ''King
of the Wild" with Boris Karloff
as the Junnnnngle hero will also
be shown.
Sunday Series movies are shown
every other week: admission price
is 20 cents.
