# Few Tickets Left For Tonight's Play
## 
### 
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
Although tickets for tomorrow's
performance of "Morning's At Sev
en" have been sold out, there are
still a few remaining seats for to
night and Monday's shows, Chester
W. Barker of the Stanford Box
Office announced today.
Performances are given in the
Little Theatre of Memorial Audi
torium; curtain rises at 8:15 p. m.
Tickets are 90 cents.
