# Arquin to Exhibit Kodachrome Slides
## 
### 
Miss Florence Arquin, director of
the Kodachrome Slide Project of the
American Council on Education, will
be on campus from Monday to Wed
nesday as visiting lecturer at the
Latin American Workshop.
In charge of the project co-spon
sored by the office of the Inter-
American Affairs and the American
Council of Education, Miss Arquin
has directed the collection, organi
zation, and documenting of Koda
chrome slides on various aspects
of life and culture of Latin Am
erica.
More than 20 subjects have been
developed in the slide units dealing
with contemporary and historical
phases of Latin American culture.
Miss Arquin will show series of
slides at sessions of the Latin Am
erican Workshop as well as being
available for consultations with
anyone interested.
