# FELLOWSHIP MEET
## 
### 
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet in the Vestry Monday
night at 8.
