# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
A CAPTAIN—The only officer correctly
placed—behind bars.
STUDY BREAK—The pause that re
freshes.
