# Sunspots Tell Storm Data
## 
### 
WASHINGTON May 3 (UP)â€”A
new technique of forecasting mag
netic storms from spots on the sun
was reported today and described as
having high military value.
Government officials were not too
happy about releasing the report.
The system, developed by Radio
Corporation of America engineers,
already is in service and is predict
ing the arrival of magnetic storms
with remarkable accuracy. The
storms disturb the ionosphere which
governs world radio communica
tions. The ionosphere is a charged
envelope of gas that surrounds the
earth at about 200 miles altitude.
The engineers, H. E. Halborg,
Audrey Arzinger, and J. H. Nelson,
said the storms can be predicted
two days in advance, with almost
precise accuracy.
Through use of the system, plans
can be made to switch channels of
communication before the storms hit.
