# WOMEN'S LEAGUE DISCUSSES DESIGNS FOR CLUBHOUSE.
## 
### 
One of the smallest meetings of the
Women's League ever held in its his
tory was convened at ltoble Hall yes
terday afternoon. The plan of the
Executive Board was to hold a club
house rally, but on account of the few
there, it was postponed until the next
meeting of the league. Miss H. Park,
'11, exhibited plans suggesting propos
ed scheme for clubhouse, but nothing
definite was done.
The Women's League is the chief
college organization which includes
all of the women of the University in
its membership. Special notices were
sent out to all freshmen and new wo
men students announcing yesterday's
meeting, and these were not heeded.
The next meeting will be held on the
first Thursday of November, and it is
hoped by the executive board that a
large number will be present.
