# BAND TO CONTINUE UNDER OLD REGIME THIS SEASON.
## 
### 
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
The attempt to place the University
Band upon a permanent basis, by
awarding to its members some sort of
credit such as is now given to the
choir seems for the present semester,
at least, to be doomed. In many uni
versities this activity is aided by a
system, whereby work in the band may
be substituted for military drill or
other required work. Under this plan,
plan, the movement is brought under
faculty supervision and regular full
rehearsals are assured. A similar
plan was attempted this year by those
interested in the local organization.
Professor Martin of the Latin and
Greek department, who has had con
siderable experience in instrumental
work, both at Stanford and at other
colleges, consented to take charge of
the organization of the band and to
bring the matter of obtaining credit
for the actual work before the faculty.
Through his efforts, the Executive
Committee granted those men who
were taking gymnasium work two band
rehearsals per week as a substitute
for one gymnasium period. It was
found, however, that this would not
solve the problem. Out of forty-two
men there were only four who could
take advantage of the substitution.
The matter was accordingly dropped,
and the organization will as hereto
fore be run upon a purely voluntary
basis and will be probably discontin
ued with the close of the football sea
son.
