# Professor Treat Returns From Pleasure Trip East
## 
### 
Professor Payson J. Treat, executive
head of the History department, re
turned to the campus Monday from a
two months' pleasure trip East.
Accompanied by Mrs. Treat, he vis
ited the New England States, New
York, Philadelphia, and Washington,
D. C., on the excursion. â€¢
While in Washington he met many 1
Stanford graduates, most of whom !
were in the newspaper game. Among
them were Frank Taylor, '17, who is
the Associated Press manager; Carl
Randau, '17, manager of the Washing
ton office of the Scripps News Ser
vice; Bill Losh, '20, Washington man
ager of the United Press; and Harry
Frantz, '17, of the United Press.
Professor Treat is on leave this quar
ter and Professor P. A. Martin is act
ing head of the History department.
