# German Club to Meet at Clubhouse This Evening
## 
### 
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
A constitution for the German Club,
which has recently been completed,
will be discussed and adopted at a
meeting of the club to be held at 7:30
this evening on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. The constitution
was drawn by Dr. A. C. Mahr, the
president of the organization, and by
Ernest Aitken, the secretary-treasurer
of the club.
Dr. Mahr will read a selection from
Hans Sachs. Meetings of the club are
held on the first and third Thursdays
of every month, and all those inter
ested are invited to attend.
