# Bauslin To Lecture on Luther and Work
## Address Tonight One of Series Delivered to Protestant Organizations 
### 
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
"The Man, Martin Lutlier, and His
Work" lias been announced as the sub
ject of the regular Tuesday evening
lecture, which will be held tonight in
the Little Theater at 7:30. The
speaker is Rev. David Henry Bauslin,
I). D., LL. 1).. Dean of the Divinity
School of Wittenberg College of
Springfield, Ohio. He has a wide rep
utation as a public speaker, and is at
present on the Pacific Coast deliver
ing a series of addresses to Protestant
organizations commemorating the
Quadricentennial of the Reformation.
It was exactly 400 years ago, October
31, that Luther immortalized himself
by nailing the ninety-five theses on
the Wittenberg church door.
Taking as their slogan "To Celebrate
the Reformation of the sixteenth cen
tury and to hasten the transformation
of the twentieth," Protestant churches
have been holding commemorative
meetings during the past few weeks,
and it is in line with this work that
Dr. Bauslin speaks here tonight.
