# Ticket Sale Opens For Concert Seats
## 
### 
Tickets for the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra concert, to be held in
the Assembly Hall on November 15,
under the auspices of the Peninsula
Musical Association, are now on sale
at the Stanford Bookstore. Members
of the association may exchange the
coupons marked "First Concert" for
reserved seats on or after Saturday,
November 10, at Weingartner's Drug
Store in Palo Alto. Student member
ships are $2.50, entitling the member
to one ticket for each of the four con
certs. Single tickets will be $1.65,
this season, because of the 10 per cent
war tax.
The concert by the Symphony Or
chestra will he the first of the four
which are arranged for by the Penin
sula Musical Association. The other
artists will be announced later.
