# Korean Lifeline
## 
### 

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto

ON THE DOUBLE—This helicoptcr crew moves fast to evacuate
wounded Marines (foreground) to rear area aid station for quick
medical treatment. They are the 7th Regiment men of Ist Marine
Division who were in on the heavy fighting to hold the Hook, a
three-mile strip of rambling ridge lino which was overrun by
Chinese Reds. — NEA Telephoto
