# Oriental Scholar Explains Buddhism
## 
### 
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
Dr. Gunapala Malalasekara, a dis
tinguished scholar of the Orient,
will speak on "Essentials of Bud
dhism" today from 2:15 to 4 p.m. in
Room 15 of, the Education Building.
The meeting will be a session in
the class in Buddhism taught in the
Department of Asiatic and Slavic
Studies by Professor Frtderic Spie
gelberg. All interested persons are
invited to attend.
