# REMELE ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
Officers chosen in recent election?
at Remclr B, Stanford Village, arc:
Allen Laukzecha, president; William
Rowley, vice-president; Steve Mey
ers, social chairman; Clark Johnson,
athletic chairman; and Nick Glas
kowsky, secretary-treasurer.
