# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
The annual inspection trip of the
Public Health Class to Angel Island
planned for last Saturday, has been
postponed until the 25th of this
month.
