# Corrections
## 
### 
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
In "To the point" (April 14), The
Daily misidentified the founders of
the Stanford Archery Club. The cur
rent club was actually founded by
Michelle Marco, Class of '03, who was
the California Collegiate Champion
each of her four undergraduate years
at Stanford.
