# Knitting Contest To Close Sunday
## 
### 
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
Living groups competing in the
afghan knitting contest have only
until midnight this Sunday, March
11 by which to complete afghan
squares begun this week, according
to Emily Metzger, chairman of the
knitting committee.
All squares must be left in the War
Board office before 5 p.m. Monday,
March 12. However, awarding of the
final prize to the winning living
group will be not only on the basis
of the number of squares completed,
but also according to the percentage
of participants in each competing
house.
All sweaters for Belgian War Re
lief must be finished and turned in
together with extra wool at the War
Board office by Monday, March 19.
Girls are reminded to attach their
name and the name of their living
group to the completed sweater be
fore leaving it at the War Board.
