# Not guilty?
## 
### 

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.

Reuters
Bosnian Serb General Djordje Djukic is seated between two court officials in the
International Court in The Hague yesterday. Djukic, who was charged last Friday
with assisting in the shelling of the Bosnian capital during the siege from May
1992 to December 1995 in which more than 10,000 people are believed to have
died, pleaded not guilty to crimes against humanity yesterday.
