# Poli Union Talk
## 
### 
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
Ex - Presidential candidate Vin
cent Hallinan will speak on the
role of minor parties in American
politics at a Political Union meet
ing today at 4:15 p.m. in Bowman
Alumni House.
