# Bids On Sale For Sequoia Club "Hard Times" Dance
## 
### 
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
To lighten the lives of all whose
health, spirits, or funds are at a low
ebb, Sequoia Club is planning a Hard
Times Dance which will be given Fri
day, May 3.
Bill Worthington's six-piece campus
band has been engaged by Marshall
Kimball, dance chairman. Novelty
programs and decorations will aid in
carrying out the "hard times" Idea.
Prizes will be given to the "poorest
looking" couples.
Bids are now on sale in Room 109
Sequoia for $1.50.
