# Device For "Death Ray" Hidden In San Francisco
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23. (/P)A
mysterious electrical device, capable
of developing a "death ray" of
3,000,000 volts of dynamic energy, its
whereabouts clothed in deepest se
reccy, is housed somewhere in San
Francisco, it was revealed today.
The inventor is J. B. Martin, San
Francisco electrical engineer, who has
been working in co-operation with the
Pacific Gas and Electric Company to
produce the ray, C. H. Melsome-
Sinith, electrical engineer of the cor
poration, said.
