# Dr. Wilbur Chief Festival Speaker
## 
### 
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
President Wilbur will deliver the
principal speech at Saratoga's Blos
som Festival, which will be cele
brated tomorrow with appropriate
ceremonies. His subject will be "Cit
izenship," in which he will set forth
his ideas of the duty of the United
States in the present world crisis.
Tomorrow afternoon President Wil
bur will speak before the Common
wealth Club of San Francisco on the
same topic.
