# Gandier Denounces Traffic in Liquor
## 
### 
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
Stepping from the pages of fiction
into real life, Dr. D. M. Gandier, hero
of Ralph Connor's novel, "The Pros
pector," yesterday spoke before trie
class in "Social Aspects of the Liquor
Problem." Dr. Gandier, who is sec
retary of the Anti-Saloon League of
California, discussed the ethical side
of the liquor question.
"Whatever tends to hinder the pro
duction of the best men is ethically
wrong," said Dr. Gandier. "The liquor
habit is wholly bad. Alcohol, when
taken even in the most moderate
amounts, injures the body, reduces ef
ficiency and greatly lessens self-con
trol. The human will is soluble in
alcohol. It is the most terrific curse
in the play life of our people. If we
are ever to solve the problems of
civil government, we nijist solve the
alcohol problem.
