# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Gown for
Women Graduates
35c
