# JAP RAID INEFFECTIVE
## 
### 
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
MELBOURNE, Wednesday, May
27 (UP). — Japanese flying boats
made "ineffective" raids on Port
Moresby, New Guinea, Monday and
Tuesday nights, a communique is
sued by General Douglas Mac-Ar
thur's headquarters announced to
day.
LOS ANGELES. May 26 (UP).—
Formation of an air cargo service
for the Army air forces was an
nounced today by Western Air
Lines.
