# SENIOR PLATE NEARS COMPLETION
## 
### 
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
Morgan Noble, chairman of the j
Senior Plate Committee, announced
yesterday that the plate, made of j
two-color, reinforced concrete is '
"just about done." The plate has
been constructed by Ben Fazzioli, '
veteran Corp. Yard mason who has j
supervised the laying of the last 20
class plates.
