# PETROL STORAGE FULL
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
LOS ANGELES. Mfcy 2(5 (UP).
Petroleum storage facilities in the
Pacific Northwest arc now filled to
maximum working capacity, today
announced C. S. Beesemyer, chair
man of the Fifth District marketing
committee of the petroleum co-ordi
nator's office.
