# Farm's First Tin Can Drive Called Success
## Salvage Committee Plans Housecleaning Drive for Week-end 
### 
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
Fifteen hundred pounds of tin cans
were collected from the Stanford
campus in the Farm's Tin Can Drive
last week-end, Ed Porter, salvage
chairman, announced yesterday.
"Collections were very good at
most places, and they were well
handled since we only took 2V2 hours
for the job," said Manuel Lozano of
the Peninsula Sanitary Company.
His trucks and men did the col
lecting.
Meanwhile, preparations continued
for the "Houseclean for Victory"
campaign this week-end with a
meeting of the executive committee
yesterday afternoon in the Nitery.
Encouraging reports were heard on
collection plans in Encina under
Bill Hayes, Toyon under Howard
Nicholson, Branner under A1 Ells
burg, Lagunita under Susan Wright,
Union under Peggy Mayer, and most
sororities, although fraternities
showed insufficient organization.
"It is the fraternities we particu
larly want to work with this week
end since our salvage collection will
tie in with their usual Saturday
morning sophomore work party. It's
an opportunity for houses to clean
out their basements and attics and
help out the war effort, too," said
Bob Schafer, in charge of plans.
Collections will be made Saturday
afternoon, he said.
