# Parking Hearing
## 
### 
A court ruling is expected
tomorrow morning in the ASSU's
bid to secure an injunction
preventing campus police from
ticketing student vehicles not
displaying the University's $7.50
parking stickers.
In a show-cause hearing
yesterday in Santa Clara County
Superior Court, the ASSU and the
University each presented their
cases to Judge Paul T. Gallagher.
The ASSU was then allowed time
for rebuttal before Gallagher
recessed the case until 9 a.m
tomorrow.
Escondido Village Council
President Cathy Colson, one of the
plaintiffs in the suit, said 161
tickets are being challenged ir
court. She said students may stil
bring their tickets to either tht
ASSU office or to ColsonV
apartment, Escondido 62C.
Gallagher said some 500 ticket!
have been issued since the new
policy went into effect Jan. 22.
