# Stanford vs U. C. in Intersociety Debate
## Nestoria and Euphronia Clash With Congress and Senate November 15 
### 
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
Representatives of the two Stan
ford men's debating societies will
clash with those of the Congress and
Senate of the University of California,
Wednesday evening, November 15, on
both campuses.
One trio will he chosen to represent
Nestoria in tryouts this evening. The
Euphronia team will be selected next.
Monday evening following the reg
ular program. Members of these so
cieties may choose either side of the
subject to he debated. "Resolved.
That the Federal Congress was justi
fied in passing the Adamson eight
hour law," in the tryouts. Each can
didate will hp allowed a six-minute
speech and a two-minute rebuttal.
\ame .Tiidires.
Judges for the intersociety inter
collegiate debate on the Stanford
campus will be Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law school, Professor Alvin S.
Johnson of the Economics department,
and Edward B. Kn.hbiel, professor of
History. Judges for the contest on
lb:' Berkeley campus have not yet
been named.
