# Republicans Stiffen To Block Measure
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
WASHINGTON, April 20
flation legislation approved by
President Roosevelt \v;is submitted
to the Senate late today and imme
diately ran into such determined
opposition from Republican quarters
extensive delay in passage was
threatened.
The measure, intended first of all
to provide a credit expansion of
three billion dollars through the
Federal Reserve system and, that
failing to rout the forces of depres
sion, to empower the eh if executive
to expand the currency, was intro
duced by Senator Thomas (Dem.,
Okla.), as an amendment to the
pending farm relief bill.
