# SPEAKER RAINEY POSES FOR A SENATOR'S DAUGHTER
## 
### 

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)

Speaker Henry T. Rainey of Illinois is posing for Helen Coolidge, daughter of Senator Marcus Coolidge
of Massachusetts. She draws for amusement and found Speaker Rainey a likely subject, with his shock of
white hair and favorite pipe. (Associated Press Photo)
