# Untitled Article
## 
### 
English students would do Avell
to read carefully the announcement
made in tlio new regis'er in regird
to courses required for graduation
in English. Unless we are much
mistaken, many English majors who
think they are within two years or a
year of graduation will find it very
difficult to comply Avith the new re
quirements for an A. 1). in English
without an extra year's work.
English students would do Avell
to read carefully the announcement
made in tlio new regis'er in regird
to courses required for graduation
in English. Unless we are much
mistaken, many English majors who
think they are within two years or a
year of graduation will find it very
difficult to comply Avith the new re
quirements for an A. 1). in English
without an extra year's work.
