# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
Disturbances between students and
"toughs" holding places in ticket sale
lines at the University of Pennsylvania
require police intervention.
