# MISSOURI MINES LOSES
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5 (UP).- Wash
ington (St. Louis) defeated Missou
Mini-s in a basketball game hei
tonii'ht. 119-28.
