# TO SPEAK AT SCIENCE SYMPOSIUM
## 
### 


DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.



DISCUSSING THE PROGRESS in tlu-ir various scientific fields. Dr. Edwin W. Sclniltz. left, professor of
bacteriology. Dr. Charles V. Taylor, professor of l»i«»land Dr. Robert E. Swain, professor of chemistry,
will speak tonight on the program of the Tuesday Night Lecture series.

