# Pure Blitz: Yeah Yeah Yeahs
## 
### 
Karen O has built up a reputation in past
years as a wildly entertaining onstage per
former, and she packed every hit of extro
verted weirdness and shrieking, whispering
valley girl charm with her to the Gorge on
Saturday, putting out what many called the
performance of the festival. The main stage
was packed and the crowd buzzing in antic
ipation of the performance, and Karen O,
along with guitarist Nick Zinner and drum
mer Brian Chase, absolutely killed it.
Wearing a neon muumuu and lime tights,
Karen O belted out songs from the band's
three albums beneath a giant inflatable eye,
alternating between the dramatic warrior
poses with sheepish, aw shucks smiles that
have come to define her enigmatic stage
presence. Nick Zimmer might be one of the
most creative and underrated guitarists out
there, playing deep and subtle melodies
while plugged in through a keyboard during
"Skeletons" and switching effortlessly to
face-melting crescendos on the excellent
songs "Heads Will Roll," "Zero" and "Gold
Lion." Singing perhaps the groups best
known song, "Maps," O cried out toward the
crowd "they don't love you like I love you!"
and in turn heard it shouted back at her
from the thousands of fans in front of the
main stage. With incredible stage presence
and innovative sound, it's safe to say fans
will still be shouting in support of the band
for years to come.
Karen O has built up a reputation in past
years as a wildly entertaining onstage per
former, and she packed every hit of extro
verted weirdness and shrieking, whispering
valley girl charm with her to the Gorge on
Saturday, putting out what many called the
performance of the festival. The main stage
was packed and the crowd buzzing in antic
ipation of the performance, and Karen O,
along with guitarist Nick Zinner and drum
mer Brian Chase, absolutely killed it.
Wearing a neon muumuu and lime tights,
Karen O belted out songs from the band's
three albums beneath a giant inflatable eye,
alternating between the dramatic warrior
poses with sheepish, aw shucks smiles that
have come to define her enigmatic stage
presence. Nick Zimmer might be one of the
most creative and underrated guitarists out
there, playing deep and subtle melodies
while plugged in through a keyboard during
"Skeletons" and switching effortlessly to
face-melting crescendos on the excellent
songs "Heads Will Roll," "Zero" and "Gold
Lion." Singing perhaps the groups best
known song, "Maps," O cried out toward the
crowd "they don't love you like I love you!"
and in turn heard it shouted back at her
from the thousands of fans in front of the
main stage. With incredible stage presence
and innovative sound, it's safe to say fans
will still be shouting in support of the band
for years to come.
Karen O has built up a reputation in past
years as a wildly entertaining onstage per
former, and she packed every hit of extro
verted weirdness and shrieking, whispering
valley girl charm with her to the Gorge on
Saturday, putting out what many called the
performance of the festival. The main stage
was packed and the crowd buzzing in antic
ipation of the performance, and Karen O,
along with guitarist Nick Zinner and drum
mer Brian Chase, absolutely killed it.
Wearing a neon muumuu and lime tights,
Karen O belted out songs from the band's
three albums beneath a giant inflatable eye,
alternating between the dramatic warrior
poses with sheepish, aw shucks smiles that
have come to define her enigmatic stage
presence. Nick Zimmer might be one of the
most creative and underrated guitarists out
there, playing deep and subtle melodies
while plugged in through a keyboard during
"Skeletons" and switching effortlessly to
face-melting crescendos on the excellent
songs "Heads Will Roll," "Zero" and "Gold
Lion." Singing perhaps the groups best
known song, "Maps," O cried out toward the
crowd "they don't love you like I love you!"
and in turn heard it shouted back at her
from the thousands of fans in front of the
main stage. With incredible stage presence
and innovative sound, it's safe to say fans
will still be shouting in support of the band
for years to come.
Karen O has built up a reputation in past
years as a wildly entertaining onstage per
former, and she packed every hit of extro
verted weirdness and shrieking, whispering
valley girl charm with her to the Gorge on
Saturday, putting out what many called the
performance of the festival. The main stage
was packed and the crowd buzzing in antic
ipation of the performance, and Karen O,
along with guitarist Nick Zinner and drum
mer Brian Chase, absolutely killed it.
Wearing a neon muumuu and lime tights,
Karen O belted out songs from the band's
three albums beneath a giant inflatable eye,
alternating between the dramatic warrior
poses with sheepish, aw shucks smiles that
have come to define her enigmatic stage
presence. Nick Zimmer might be one of the
most creative and underrated guitarists out
there, playing deep and subtle melodies
while plugged in through a keyboard during
"Skeletons" and switching effortlessly to
face-melting crescendos on the excellent
songs "Heads Will Roll," "Zero" and "Gold
Lion." Singing perhaps the groups best
known song, "Maps," O cried out toward the
crowd "they don't love you like I love you!"
and in turn heard it shouted back at her
from the thousands of fans in front of the
main stage. With incredible stage presence
and innovative sound, it's safe to say fans
will still be shouting in support of the band
for years to come.
Karen O has built up a reputation in past
years as a wildly entertaining onstage per
former, and she packed every hit of extro
verted weirdness and shrieking, whispering
valley girl charm with her to the Gorge on
Saturday, putting out what many called the
performance of the festival. The main stage
was packed and the crowd buzzing in antic
ipation of the performance, and Karen O,
along with guitarist Nick Zinner and drum
mer Brian Chase, absolutely killed it.
Wearing a neon muumuu and lime tights,
Karen O belted out songs from the band's
three albums beneath a giant inflatable eye,
alternating between the dramatic warrior
poses with sheepish, aw shucks smiles that
have come to define her enigmatic stage
presence. Nick Zimmer might be one of the
most creative and underrated guitarists out
there, playing deep and subtle melodies
while plugged in through a keyboard during
"Skeletons" and switching effortlessly to
face-melting crescendos on the excellent
songs "Heads Will Roll," "Zero" and "Gold
Lion." Singing perhaps the groups best
known song, "Maps," O cried out toward the
crowd "they don't love you like I love you!"
and in turn heard it shouted back at her
from the thousands of fans in front of the
main stage. With incredible stage presence
and innovative sound, it's safe to say fans
will still be shouting in support of the band
for years to come.
