# INSIDE
## 
### 
Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



Bar None
'FViends' strive to set
best possible example
for troubled youths
See News, page 2

Snickers
No one was laughing
after men's hoops
trounced Oregon, 78-57
See Sports, page 7

3 Musketeers
Men's and women's
fencers skewered their
opponents this weekend
See Sports, page 9



