# MAJOR SWAN WILL ADDRESS STUDENTS
## "Sex Education" Is Subject of Monday Lecture To Men 
### 
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
"Sex Education in American Uni
versities" will be the subject of an ad
dress to the men by Major Eugene L.
Swan in the Little Theatre Monday
evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture is
being held under the auspices of the
Stanford Y. M. C. A.
Major Swan is at present touring the
United States in the interest of the
government, and his itinery is being
arranged by the Y. M. C. A. His ability
as a lecturer is demonstrated by the
recommendation of Dr. Exnor, head of
the "Y" national program for sex edu
cation, who says that Major Swan "is
one of the best speakers he has come
in contact with, and who is well recom
mended by government agencies and
American social hygiene associations."
During the war Major Swan was con
nected with the War Camp Training
Association. He has recently spoken
with great success at California, Uni
versity of Southern California, the Uni
versity of Arizona, and Occidental Col
lege.
