# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
Announcement of
Courses
Wind 500: "Three Sheets
to the Wind." A course
in comedy and romance
with a wonderful back
ground of rhythm.
Given in Assembly Hall,
Friday and Saturday,
May 29 and 30, at 8:1 5
p.m.
Syllabus Fees:
$ 1.00, 75c and 50c
