# Arab Mob Attempts To Free Prisoners
## 
### 
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
JERUSALEM, May 24 (Jewish
Telegraphic Agency).—One British
soldier was reported shot dead to
day when an Arab mob attempted a
daring delivery of prisoners serving
terms at hard labor in a prison near
Tulkarem.
Terrorists also attempted to bomb
the German steamer Richard Bor
chard, flying the Nazi swastika,
when it entered the temporary har
bor at the all-Jewish city of Tel-
Aviv to unload, passing up the
neighboring Arab port of Jaffa. Two
bombs were thrown at the ship from
lighters.
