# French Leader
## 
### 

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)

LEFTIST VICTORIES in French
elections placed Leon Blum
(above) in line to become pre
mier of France. (A.P Photo)
