# FILIPINOS TO STRIKE
## 
### 
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
MANILA, May 24 (/}'). —Authori-
ties said today they had learned a
general strike would start Wednes
day in Manila and the provinces.
