# Emperor's Brother Off to Manchuria
## 
### 

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)

PRINCE MIKASA (left foreground), youngest rotlier of the Emperor of Japan, is pictured as he
prepared to entrain at Tokyo on the first lap of an instruction journey to Manchuria. (A.P.
Photo)
