# INDIAN POET IMPROVES
## 
### 
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
CALCUTTA, India, Oct. 29. (/p)—
Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet and
philosopher, was reported to be im
proving today after a rather severe
illness with fever.
