# Stanford Radio Club Will Hold Meeting Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
The Stanford Radio Club will hold
a meeting Thursday evening in room
2G3 in the Civil Engineering Building
at 7:30 o'clock. Those interested in
amateur radio are asked to attend.
The club operates a 75-watt trans
mitter on 40 meters wave-length, with
which communication has been held
with amateurs in many parts of the
United States. To those who have
operated transmitters of their own be
fore coming to Stanford, the club pro
vides a means whereby they may con
tinue this interesting hobby without
the expense and loss of time entailed
in the operation of transmitters of
their own.
