# CALIFORNIA WINS SOCCER GAME FROM STANFORD SQUAD
## 
### 
The California soccer team easily de
feated Stanford, 3-0, Saturday afternoon
in the curtain raiser for the big game.
The superior teamwork of the Berkeley
soccerites was the deciding factor, one
goal being scored in the first half and
two more in the second period.
As a result of this victory California
is in first place in the University an
Club Soccer League, and needs one more
win to obtain permanent possession of
the Lathrop trophy. Arrangements are
being made to play the second game of
the series at Berkeley on Thanksgiving
Day.
The Stanford line-up Saturday was as
follows: Forwards — Green, Captain
Pillsbury, Straus, Bucklin, and Esgen;
halfbacks —Stamps, McGilvray, and Rob
inson ; fullbacks—W. Adams and Mey
ers ; goal — Newland. Substitutions:
Brill for Robinson, Hood for Newland.
