# Weather:
## 
### 
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
Mostly fair through tomorrow with low clouds spreading
locally inland tonight. Warmer days. Lows upper 40s to mid
50s. Highs in the 60s at the beaches to the 70s inland. Small
craft advisory for northwest winds 15 to 30 mph afternoons
and evenings.
