# Thirty-two Rooter's Tickets Left.
## 
### 
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
Manager Sales has thirty-two ex
cellent seats in the rooting section
yet to be disposed of. This comes
about as a result of too many compli
mentaries being set aside for the
Rugby squad. Not more than two
tickets will be sold to one man. They
may be secured at the Bookstore.
