# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
Florenz Ziegfeld will judge photo
graphs to appear in the Bomb, Ames
College yearbook.
