# LODER-CRUZEN WEDDING
## 
### 
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
Miss Eugenia Cruzen and Arthur
Loder, who attended the University
from 1920-1924, were married yester
day noon at the bride's home in
Boise, Idaho. Loder is a member of
Delta Theta Phi, honorary law fra
ternity. The couple are expected to
be on the campus for the Bi£ Game.
