# CHIEF LIBRARY CLOCK FAILS FATHER TIME
## 
### 
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
"Time has meant nothing in the Li
brary since last Thursday, when the
master clock stopped and caused the
other Library clocks to do likewise,
as they are on the same circuit.
Local electricians have so far been
unable to remedy the difficulty, and
the librarian believes that a repre
sentative from the clock company in
San Francisco will have to be called
before the system can be fixed.
