# Adv. 38 Page 15
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
CHILDCARE
Campus family seeks temp live
in nanny Nov 9-13. Supv 2 girls,
ages 9 & 14, while parents are
out of town. Flexible sched.
$100-150/day. Sharon, 494-7155
Downtown Palo Alto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maimkhelebeauchamp@gmai.com
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
Sitter for 3 kids (5, 4 & 2)
322-2787 Stanford Student pref.
1 aftrn & every other Sat. night
