# TUESDAY SERIES
## Butt to Talk On Dickens 
### 
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
"Charles Dickens at Work" will be
the subject of a lecture to be given
by Professor John E. Butt of the
University of Durham, England, as
this week's Tuesday Evening Series'
program in Memorial Hall at 7:30
tonight.
The lecture, which will be illus
trated by lantern slides, will show
how Dickens worked on his novels.
Professor Butt has drawn his mate
rial largely from manuscripts, memo
randa, and proof sheets left by the
author.
At the present Professor Butt is a
visiting professor at the University
of California in Los Angeles. He has
been editor of "The Review of Eng
lish Studies," a journal devoted to
English literature, since 1947.
Now a professor of English lan
guage and literature at King's Col
lege, University of Durham, he pre
viously taught at Leeds University
and at Bedford College, London
University.
