# Korean Tank Crew Huddles by Furnace
## 
### 

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto

IT'S A COLD, COI.D WAR Members of a United Nations tank crew, just in from a front-line
patrol in Korea, use a discarded drum for a furnace to warm up. With temperatures plunging
to eight below, a good fire is most welcome. The men are unidentified. —NEA Telephoto
