# Frosh Swimmers Drown Spartans
## 
### 
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
In their first dual meet of the sea
son, the Stanford freshman swim
mers turned in a 44-T.O win over
the San Jose freshman team. The
frosh were led by the twin-win per
formances of Don Smith and Bayard
Colyear.
Smith splashed off with the 100
and the 220-yard free style races,
while Colyear took the 150-yard
back-stroke and the 50-yard free
style. In winning the .100, Smith
turned in the exceptional time of
57 seconds flat.

Atchison, Kan., claims the fir
plant established in the Unite
States for the manufacture of alcoh
to be used as fuel for autorm
biles.
