# Marine Officer Will Interview Applicants
## 
### 
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
Lieutenant-Colonel MacNulty of
the Marine Reserves will lx? in
Major Allen's office tomorrow at 10
o'clock to give information to sopho
mores interested in the Platoon
Leaders' Unit, of the U.S. Marine
Corps with the view of procuring a
reserve officer's commission on grad
uation. Additional information can
be procured at the local R.O.T.C.
headquarters.
