# PLANE CRASH KILLS ONE
## 
### 
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Feb. 11 (UP).—
John J. Woodward, alleged member
of an international gold smuggling
ring, was killed tonight and a com
panion was injured critically when
their private, two-seat airplane
crashed in Mexican territory.
