# Economics in India Will Be Topic of Dr. Wadia's Talk
## 
### 
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
Dr. P. A. Wadia, famed Indian econ
omist, speaks tonight in the Women's
Gym at 8 o'clock, concluding the Tues
day evening lectures of the summer
quarter.
