# TAN HEADS WESTERN CHINESE ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
Lincoln Tan, a graduate student in
political science at Stanford, is presi
dent of the western section of the
Chinese Students Alliance of America.
He is from Shantung, China. The vice
president is Bing Wong, an under
graduate in chemistry at the Univer
sity of California. They were elected
at the twenty-third annual conference
of the organization which was held 011
the Stanford campus last week.
