# PROFESSOR IS SPENDING LEAVE IN THE TROPICS.
## 
### 
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
Professor D. H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, who is away on
sabbatical leave, has been spending
part of the summer in North and
South America and Trinidad, where he
has been studying and collecting ferns
and their allies growing in the tropic
al forests. From American tropics
Professor Campbell will go to the
Malay peninsula, where he has planned
to stay during a portion of ihis win
ter. He has arranged his trip so that
he will return home in time for the
opening of college next August.
