# Chapel Will Begin Sunday.
## 
### 
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
Doctor D. Charles Gardner, Chaplain
of the University, will preach at the
opening service of the University
Chapel, next Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Miss Dorothy Stillman, the
soprano soloist, will sing Brackett's
"Prayer."
The service of the Chapel is unde
nominational. All students are given
a cordial invitation to attend.
