# KSU Will Resume Programs Sunday
## 
### 
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
KSU will be back on the air Sun
day, Station Manager Bill Kane an
nounced. KSU broadcasts from 7 to
11 every night except Saturday.
Friday night is reserved for music
requests only.
< Tryouts will be held today and
tomorrow from 3 to 5 p.m. in the
KSU office. Salesmen, writers, and
traffic workers are especially need
ed. Students are also needed in en
gineering, producing, music, and
special events.
