# Farm Debate Group to Plan Spring Program Tomorrow
## 
### 
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
Plans for an extensive spring de
bating program will be laid tomor
row afternoon at 5 in room 210 of
the History Building. In order to
decide various questions dealing
with the new subject, the Debate

Society is urging all newcomers as
well as veteran debaters to be pres
ent.
The new topic chosen by the Uni
versity of California and Stanford
is "Contemporary French Political
Philosophies." Specific questions
will be derived from this subject to
be used for the Joffre Debate as
well as numerous other Bay Area
speaking contests.
Some of these debates will be
with Chico State. Nevada, and the
University of San Francisco, the lat
ter a home-and-home affair on the
civil liberties' question as related to
the Negro. Stanford personnel for
the first two debates have already
been designated, but the teams to
oppose USF are still to be chosen.
In addition to these intercolle
giate meets, there will be numerous
intramural debates and contests
which should be of particular inter
est to beginners in the Debate So
ciety.
