# Farm ‘Y’ to Hear Burmese Visitor
## 
### 
Daw Katherine Khin-Khin, Bur
ma's representative at the YWCA
National Convention, will be on
campus tomorrow and Thursday.
Miss Khin-Khin will speak to
members of the "Y" Cabinet at
their meeting tomorrow at 4 p.m.
Miss Khin-Khin spoke to an ap
preciative audience at the conven
tion in San Francisco during the
end of last quarter, said Sally
Brown, Stanford "Y" president.
Miss Brown asked the representa
tive from Burma if she would take
her encore with a repeat perform
ance here.
In Rangoon ?diss Khin-Khin is
considered a leader in social wel
fare work, especially with women
and children. She is head mistress
at St. Mary's girls' school in Ran
goon and has long been interested
in the relation between schools in
this country and her own.
