# U. C. Daily Awards Debate to Berkeley
## "No-Decision" Contest Doped for Blue and Gold by "Nonpartisans" 
### 
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
Stanford's varsity debaters argued
the Swiss military system like troop
ers to a no-decision result in San
Francisco last Friday night. It has
been learned they lost —at least
they're supposed to have lost.
The Daily Californian, published in
Berkeley and circulated free to U. C.
students, says so. Says the "Cal,"
"the Gold and Blue varsity debating
squad "triumphed Friday night over
the Stanford debaters."
This is enlightening. Over here
we've been trying to determine who
won, ever since the boys came home.
It was to have been a no-decision
contest. Yesterday the Women's Ed
itor, to decide, tossed up a quarter
with heads for Stanford and tails for
California, but the coin stuck in a
crack in the office floor, so she kept
the story out of the "pink" entirely.
The Daily Californian quotes a Uni
versity of California faculty man who
presided, as saying, "The burden of
the proof lay all in favor of the
California team." According to the
Californian, that means that U. C.
forensic artists took the bacon home
with them.
Cardinal debaters were IT. C. Blote,
'18, G. J. Knight, '19, and D. W.
Evans, '20.
