# Prominent Dancer To Talk Thursday
## 
### 
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
Lester Morton, prominent dancer
and choreographer of Los Angeles,
will be on the Stanford Campus
Thursday under the auspices of Or
chesis.
Following a luncheon given for
him by thr dance group, Mr. Horton
will give an informal discussion
concerning men in modern dance,
which is open to all students and
faculty members interested. The
place of the discussion is to be
announced tomorrow.
