# Indian Vaulter
## 
### 

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.

SUMNER GILL will have a tough
job on his hands when he meets
Earl Ford of Cal in the pole
vault here Saturday.
