# CAMPUS OPINION
## STANFORD INTOLERANCE 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Joining half the campus in its trek
to Paly and the picture show last
Friday night, I went to the Stanford
to see "Merrily We Live" and the
government's documentary flicker,
"The River." I'd already read Mr.
Zelver's review of the "River" in
The Daily, but I was prepared to
judge for myself whether Pare Lo
rentz and his colleagues had achieved
the important "social" result for
which they were striving.
Did I have a chance to weigh the
good and the bad points of "The
River"? Most emphatically, no. The
Stanfordites in the audience kept up
a steady stream of laughter, so
called bright cracks, and downright
invective during the entire feature.
I have never been quite so disgust
ed with Stanford's attitude, a nar
row attitude which breeds the
formation of social classes, intoler
ance, and a stubborn refusal to ac
cept facts which are normally out
side the small circle of campus in
terests.
Stanford, almost en masse, refused
to consider what I think is a fairly
significant moving picture that
showed graphically the plight of
Southern tenant farmers, the re
sults of soil erosion and an unseeing
exploitation of timber and land by
what wild-eyed socialists love to
call "robber barons."
I'm not a radical. I've never writ
ten a letter like this to any editor
before. I do think that Mr. Zelver's
review was thoughtfully done, and
I'll admit that the musical arrange
ment and attempted "poetical" dia
logue were not very good, but I
think the photography and sequence
of "The River" were brilliant and
unusual in a time when motion pic
tures need a vitalizing influence.
But, as for Stanford's attitude â€”
confidentially, it stinks.
Disgusted
