# Spring Chappie On Sale Tomorrow
## 
### 
The spring issue of Chappie goes
on sale tomorrow, and "Old Boy"
Hartmann and his .staff arc lavish in
their praise of the 44-page edition.
Feature story of the magazine will
be the comic tale of "Gullible's
Travels at Stanford," by Tom Flem
ing. Other main attractions will be
the page of spring fantasies, drawn
by Jack Dixon with poems by Sherm
Mellinkoff; "Uncle Ted's" column of
advice to the lovelorn of the Farm
who are troubled by spring prob
lems; and the special column of "In
side Dopes," this time about "Peace
Dove" Marco Thorne.
Illustrations, cartoons, jokes, and
stories de luxe are guaranteed by
Art Levinson, this month's near-
Ancient One, who claims that tlx
issue has progressed from a mere
super-colossal edition to the "best
Chappie of our day."
