# DEE GEE ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
Delta Gamma announces the en
gagement of Jane Gordon Ham
mersly, '38, to Douglas B. Wright.
Yale '33.
