# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
Thursday, April 6, will be the
only day on which rooter's tick
ets for the Stanford-California
Varsity Track Meet, on April 22,
may be purchased. Tickets will
be on sale in the Administration
Building, from 1 to G p. m., on
Thursday afternoon. Living
groups may send any number of
student body cards down with one
person.
Tickets will sell for $1:00 with
student body cards.
