# PROFESSOR TREAT TO SPEAK AT MEETING OF SIGMA DELTA CHI
## 
### 
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
Professor Payson J. Treat of the
History Department, who has recently
returned from an extensive trip
through the Orient, will address the
members of Sigma Delta Chi at a din
ner, tomorrow evening, at 7:30, at
Joe's Place in Palo Alto.
Professor Treat has been absent
from the university for the past quar
ter, traveling through the Far Eastern
countries, and studying Oriental con
ditions and life. He noticed particu
larly the ideas which existed in the
several states relative to American-
Oriental political relations which re
cently were brought to a head at the
Washington 1 Conference. His talk be
fore Sigma Delta Chi will deal with
these relations.
A short business meeting in which
important matters of the organization
for the present quarter will be taken
up, will follow the lecture.
