# DEAN YOST WILL TALK TO GRADUATE WOMEN
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
Dean Mary Yost will address the
Graduate Women's Club at its first
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4:30
p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse. A new
president will be elected to take the
place of Louise Snyder, who is not in
residence this quarter due to ill
health.
Tea will be served by the following
hostesses: Marion Nicholas, Wilma
Fenner, Una Stafford, Louise Wat
kins, Gwen Ivotter, and Helen Mar
burg.
