# BEG YOUR PARDON
## 
### 
An erroneous announcement was
published in The Stanford Daily for
Thursday, October 6, concerning the
supposed establishment of a depart
ment of Physical Sciences headed by
Eliot Blackwelder, Professor of
Geology, under which a course was to
be given dealing with the inter-rela
tionship of geology, astronomy, phys
ics, and chemistry.
The course actually to -be given is
Physical Science 1, in the School of
Physical Sciences, and will deal in
successive quarters with geology,
physics, and chemistry, under Profes
sors Eliot Blackwelder, G. R. Harri
son, and S. W. Young, respectively.
The School of Physical Sciences is in
charge of a committee whose chair
man is D. L. Webster, Professor of
Physics.
Also, in an announcement in The
Stanford Daily for last Monday, Octo
ber 3, telling of the mail boxes to be
installed on the campus, V. P. Mason
was mistakenly referred to as post
master. This position is held by W. C.
Werry.
