# Professor Reinsch Speaks on China.
## 
### 
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
Professor Reinsch, of Wisconsin,
spoke this afternoon upon the "Pres
ent Awakening of China." He traced
the reform movement in China es
pecially in regard to the reform
along educational lines, as ibis na
tion has connected education with
social and political life more than
any other nation.
Tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
Professor Reinsch will speak in room
214 upon the "Present Political Sit
uation in Japan," and will deal with
the subject in reference to its inter
nal politics.
