# YR's Support Recall Attempt
## 
### 
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
Young Republicans at Stanford
have given their support to a re
call movement directed against
three Bay Area assemblymen who
are alleged to have violated fed
eral law and interferred person
ally in the conduct of U.S. foreign
policy.
The Executive Hoard of the
Stanford Area Young Republicans
voted Wednesday to denounce the
actions of Assemblymen Willie
Brown. John Burton, and William
Stanton as being "detrimental to
the pursuit of the war" in Viet
nam. and to support the recall
movement.
The movement was initiated
Tuesday by the San Francisco
Young Republicans and th e
chairmen of four other Bay Area
county YR organizations in re
sponse to a recent cablegram
which the three Democrat as
semblymen sent to European
government officials. The cable
gram urged them to work for
negotiations Vietnam and criti
cized American air strikes there.
A resolution was introduced in
the state senate last week by ma
jority leared Hugh Burns (D) and
minority leader Jack McCarthy
<R) asking the federal govern
tions of a 166-year -old federal
law prohibiting such action.
