# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
An old Farm
tradition . . .
It that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
107 Hamilton
I
