# Freshmen Show Up Well.
## 
### 
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
The Freshmen defeated the high
school team from Palo Alto on Sat
urday by the score of 14 to 12, in
the first match baseball game of
the season. The game was in the
nature of a try-out to select from
the large number of candidates for
the Freshman team those who will
play in the interchips series. As
there is an unusually large amount
of material from which to choose a
team, it is expected that the
Freshmen will have a strong nine.
The men who tried out in the
pitcher's position were Chalmers,
JVlcLain, and Presley. Chalmers
made a good showing, being
especially good in fielding his posi
tion. Stott and Daily were tried
at catcher. Stott catches well and
throws accurately, but is weak at
the bat. McFarland, Clark, and
Presley played first base, where
Presley showed up in good form.
Captain Swain will play Kecond
base, but in case he should change
his position either Wagner or Crit
tenden, who tried out Saturday,
may take his place. At third Kelly
and Wagner were given a chance.
Kelly fields and hits well, and
Wagner did the best batting of any
player in Saturday's game. Stag
ner leads the candidates for short
stop, with Brook and Rhyne try
ing for this position. A large
number of men are trying for posi
tions in the field, among others
Morrow, Mansfield, Burtis, Nissen,
Shaner, Burr, Davis, and Edwards.
The men for these positions will be
selected largely upon their ability
to hit the ball.
