# TO CENSOR MESSAGES
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1 (/P).—Estab
lishment of a press censorship in
Cuba of incoming and outgoing mes
sages was announced this afternoon
at the offices of the International
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
