# COMMUNISTS ENTER LAURIE IN ELECTION
## 
### 
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
OLYMPIA, Wash., Oct. 1 (Asso
ciated Press). — The Communist
parly, which had to go to court two
years ago to have a candidate for
congressman accepted, today entered
John L;.uric. Seattle metal worker,
as candidate for that office in the
' rit district.
Lauri \ whose candidacy was filed
here, opposes Ralph Horr, Republi
can. . nd Charles Heifner, Denio-
