# STANFORD PAIR ARE MARRIED RECENTLY
## 
### 
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
Constance Huntington McCleave,
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Thomas C.
McCleave of Piedmont, was married
on September 20 to William T.
Brownridge, Jr., at Las Vegas, Ne
vada. Mrs. Brownridge is affiliated j
with the Gamma Phi Beta sorority ;
while her husband is a member of
Theta Delta Chi. The bride and j
groom will be at home to their J
friends at 201 Homer Ave, Palo Alto
after October 6.
