# PROFIT IN MILK
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. i. (Asso
ciated Press) —Golden State Milk
Products Company is expected to
profit from Ihe agreement reached
with the California Retail Grocers
and Merchants Association to sell
Golden State butter and eg;?s only
through the stores, rather than di
rect to customers on milk routes.
