# SEALS SIGN WIRTH AFTER OREGON TRIAL
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 1 (Associated
Press). Charley Wirth, second
baseman of the Eugene Townies,
Willamette Valley league team, has
been signed by the San Francisco
Seals.
Wirih was given a tryout with the
Seais in Portland last week and re
turned here today with a contract.
Hu will report to the Seals train
ing camp about March 1, 1931.
