# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
Mascagni, author of "Cavaleria
Rustieana," will write an opera for
the talkies.
