# Six Loyal Fans Greet Athletics.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 14.—Six lone root
ers greeted the Athletics returning
here today. The train was four hours
late. Connie Mack had nothing to say.
