# ALUMNI ARE PROMINENT IN FIELD OF ENTOMOLOGY
## 
### 
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
Leroy Childs, '13, has recently been
made assistant entomologist for the
Oregon Agricultural College at Co.rval
lis. He has been assistant secretary
of the State Horticultural Commission
for the past year, and was located
during the summer at the sub-station
on the Hood River, investigating vari
ous forms of insect pests. Childs is a
former varsity baseball player, and is
a member of Phi Delta Theta fraterni
ty.
E. J. Newcomer, '14, who was act
ing instructor in the Stanford Entol
mology Department last year, is now
scientific assistant in the Bureau of
Entomology at the U. S. Department of
Agriculture. Newcomer is in the state
of Washington making a study of de
cidious fruit tree pests.
A. S. Borden, who received his mas
ter's degree last May, has been ap
pointed scientific assistant in the U. S.
Department of Agriculture. He is now
studying citrus fruit tree pests in
Pasadena.
