# French Cavalry Not Defeated.
## 
### 
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
Paris, Oct. 14. —The war office de
nies the claims of the Germans that
they have recently defeated French
cavalry divisions on the left.
