# Portugal Is Mobilizing.
## 
### 
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
London, Oct. 14. —Official statements
deny the reports that the Germans
have captured Ostend. Further dis
patches from Madrid state that the re
port that Portugal has declared war is
untrue. Portugal, however, is pre
paring to place all her forces at the
disposal of England, and will assist
whoever and in whatever way it is
found necessary. It is reported that
mobilization has already begun.
