# BASEBALL
## Cards Will Meet Gaels On Friday 
### Bill Allen 
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
Coach Harry Wolter ran his team
through a strenuous workout last
night in hopes of coming up with a
winning combination for next Sat
urday's tilt with St. Mary's. The
return of Bill Cunha bolsters the
outfield although a steady relief
pitcher is still sorely needed. Doe
Mason being the only hurler on the
squad.
The Cards should have little
trouble with St. Mary's, however,
since they have not won a league
game this season, having been de
feated by California, the present
league leader, Santa Clara, and
U.S.F.
Monday's game showed up many
weak points in the Indian squad
which will have to be ironed out
before Stanford can go far in C.I.
B:A: competition. Sloppy base run
ning was a decided disadvantage,
ruining two excellent chances to
score. A weakness at bat was also
indicated, especially against an effi
cient curve ball pitcher.
The infield looks very steady with
Lloyd Mcrriman replacing Duke
Hammett very capably in the field.
Bob Brown continues to do error
less work in the short patch, and
with McKie at third and Jerry Roin
stead at the keystone sack, nothing
short of a hit gets through to the
outfield.
Despite the present gloomy out
look Coach Wolter is confident that
his men will improve and is assured
of a good Card showing this season.
