# Junior Service Board Elects New Members
## 
### 
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
At a meeting of the freshmen and
new women at Roble Hall last evening
the following were elected members of
the Junior Service Board: Margaret Pol
hamtis. Margaret White, Virginia Wood
ruff, Blanche Ross, Dorothy Nichols,
Theo Emerson, Phyllis Heath, Marie
Gunthrie, Frances Fish, Margaret Lease.
The Junior Service Board is a sub
sidiary Board to the Women's Service
Board and is intended for works to be
carried on by underclass women in so-
