# R.R. Strikes Furnish Euphronia Subject
## 
### 
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
Prohibition of railroad strikes by fed
eral law will be discussed by the Eu
phronia Debating Society tonight. The
constitutionality of such a law is the
waived matter.
The policy will be upheld by Walter
Hellbaum, '20, and William Mattox, '23.
H. C. Coblentz, '21, and R. T. Cowell,
'21, comprise the opposition.
There will be a general discussion by
the society after the debate. The meet
ing will be called at 7:30 in room 12 of
the Law Building. Visitors will be wel
come.
