# PRES. WILBUR WILL ATTEND CONVENTION
## 
### 
President Wilbur will leave the Uni
versity October 31 to attend the an
nual confercncc of the Association of
American Universities to be held at Co
lumbus, Ohio, November 7-8. He will
represent Stanford in the discussions
of the conference and will read a paper
regarding remuneration for extra uni
versity activities of instructors.
Dr. Wilbur will meet and address the
alumni in various centers on Stanford
problems, including the recent raising
of tuition fees. Receptions have been
planned in Los Angeles, Chicago, Co
lumbus, Cleveland, Philadelphia, Wash
ington, D. C., and New York. He will
give the Founders' Day address at Lake
Eric College, Paincsville, Ohio, where
his mother was a student and later a
member of the faculty.
