# Full Cast Practice Tonight In Rehearsal For "The First Born"
## 
### 
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
First rehearsal of the entire cast for
the Oriental drama. "The First Born,"
to be staged by Sword and Sandals, will
be held this evening. The play is sched
uled for November 7, and due to the
short period until that time it is evident
that intensive training shall ensue.% Re
gardless of this short time, Coach Gor
don Davis is sure of a successful pro
duction, considering the cast which has
been picked.
There is no doubt as to the uniqueness
and singularity of this Oriental drama.
Wherever it has been played it has made
a hit. The students of Stanford should
regard this as an opportunity to see one
i>f David Belasco's most popular pro
ductions. Belasco's touch to Francis
Power's original characters and settings
has placed the drama as the classic and
greatest of American Oriental sketches.
Its peculiar plot is one that will hold
the intensified attention of any theatre
fan, and there is no doubt that it will

more than please any person who chances
to see the drama produced by Sword and
Sandals.
