# M'KEEVER TO SPEAK TONIGHT AT AD CLUB
## 
### 
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
Coulter McKcever will speak on "Ad
vertising Agency" before the Stanford
Advertising Club to-night at the Press
building. McKeever was for several
years connected with the publicity de
partment of the American Tobacco Com
pany, and is now with the western de
partment of the li. McCann Company,
one of the largest national advertising
agencies.
The Advertising Club invites the pub
lic to attend tonight's meeting.
