# Hoax Confession Fails Folsom Man
## 
### 
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
STOCKTON, Sept. 25 (UP).—At
torneys for Dewey Clark and Henry
Jones, Fresno Negroes accused of
murdering Dorothy Woofter of Tracy
and Nathan Chinchiolo of Stockton
in a "lovers' lane," tonight said
they intended to subpoena Ernest
Striplin, Folsom Prison inmate who
confessed slaying the couple "just
so I could get out of Folsom for a
while."
The defense counsel already has
obtained .a subpoena for Clyde
Plummer, Folsom warden. Plummer
will testify Monday with regard to
Striplin's so-called "hoax confes-
