# 'Free Indo-China' Promised U.S. Aid
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25 (UP).â€”
Authoritative sources said tonight
that the United States has assured
French Indo-China of her right to
purchase American arms and am
munition to resist Japan's invasion
if she sets up an independent French
regime.
So long as the French colony is
controlled by the German-influenced
Vichy government, it was said, no
arms could be sold lest they fall into
German hands.
This government's assurances to
the beleaguered French colony arc
being carried back to Hanoi by Col.
H. Jacomy, head of a French Indo-
China military mission which ar
rived in this country several weeks
ago with $12,000,000 in certified
checks with which to purchase sup
plies.
