# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Encouraged by the success of the
musicales given last year the Penin
sula Musical Association has arrang
ed a second series of concerts. Music
lovers are fortunate in being allowed
the privilege of hearing such artists
as have been secured through the ef
forts of those interested in the move
ment. Only the best talent is to be
included on the programs which have
been scheduled for this year. The
concerts are given in the Assembly
Hall so that Stanford students may
take advantage of the opportunity giv
en of attending the recitals. An
ticipating a heavy demand from the
Student Body again this year, the
management of the Association has
made reservations for the students
and special prices are to be obtain
able.
