# Fall Practice Discontinued.
## 
### 
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
Z. A. Terry, '14, captain of the base
ball team, has announced the discon
tinuance of the fall baseball season.
The growing shortness of the days
permits only a brief hour's practice,
wh.'ch is impracticable. With the clos
ing of the season, Captain Day's team
has been declared the pennant winner
of the Peanut League. Although the
tall workout was of short duration in
time, nevertheless the older men were
given good training, and some promis
ing new material was discovered.
Practice will be resumed early in the
spring next semester.
