# DR. WINFIELD SCOTT HALL WILL ARRIVE TOMORROW
## WILL GIVE SERIES OF TALKS ON SEX HYGIENE. Northwestern Professor to Give Lectures to Students On Saturday and Sunday. 
### 
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
Dr. Winfield Scott Hall of the medi
cal school of Northwestern University
will arrive on the campus tomorrow
morning to deliver a series of talks to
Stanford students on the problem of
"Sex Hygiene." During his visit here
he will stay at Encina Hall. Personal
interviews with the foremost author
ity on this subject in the country may
be arranged at any time by conferring

with. P. D. Nowell, '13. Dr. Hall will
be here on Saturday and Sunday and
part of Monday.
From Washington University a tele
gram was received by E. H. Lockwood,
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., this
morning telling of the great success
which had attended his talks and of
the inestimable value to the college
community. Dr. Hall will come hero
direct from the University of Oregon.
He will also include in his itinerary
addresses at Berkeley and the Uni
versity of Southern California. In
each college great preparation has
been made for his visit in order that
all might hear him.


Dr. Winfield Scott Hall.
