# Professor W.H. Carruth Reads From Own Verse
## 
### 
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
Professor W. H. Carruth read selec
tions from his own verse at an in
formal reading given under the direc
tion of the English Department yester
day afternoon in the Education Build
ing. This is the last of the series of
informal Wednesday afternoon read
ings which have been given during the
quarrer by members of various depart
ment? of the University under the
auspices of the English Department.
