# STANFORD DAMES MEET
## 
### 
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
All Dames and wives of graduate
students are invited to a general
meeting of the Stanford Dames to
night at 7:30, in ihe home of Mrs.
P. R. Hanna, 737 Frenchman's Road.
Mrs. William Girvan will act as host
ess. Movies of Guatemala will be
shown.
