# A 						HOT TIP TO THE G.O.P.
## 
### 
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
WHILE I'm passing out sugges
tions to one and all. I will drop
hint to the Republican Party, if
there is one any more, to sign
General Mac Arthur for the '44
elections before the Democrats
and Farm Lahorites get wind of
the idea.
* » »
