# ALUMNI CLUBS WILL HAVE DINNER MEETINGS
## 
### 
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
The Stanford Club of San Francisco
will Rive a dinner at the Press Club
on Friday evening. The dinner is one
of the series which was recently plan
ned to bring altfmni and former stu
dents together and to keep them in
touch with the affairs of the Univer
sity. Reservations may be made with
Mr. Chalmers, at the Pross Club..
Another alumni gathering is sched
uled for Wednesday night when the
Oakland East Bay Stanford Club mem
bers will hold a dinner in Oakland. *
