# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Kay Hamilton, '57,
to Tom Miller, USN, Theta Chi,
'54.
