# Frost Gains Final In Tennis Meet
## 
### 
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
Jack Frost, '56, who was last
year's runner • up in the NCAA
Tennis Tournament, battled his
way into the finals in the Golden
Gate Tennis Club's 54th annual
class singles over the weekend.
The final, between Frost and
the Olympic Club's Nick Carter,
was set for yesterday but was put
off by rain until this weekend.
To reach the finals, Frost pum
meled 11-year-old Hobby Siska,
61, 6-2, Saturday morning and
Norman Brooks, 61, 6-3, Saturday
afternoon.
