# Once Around the Quad
## 
### 
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
Off-Campus Men: Meeting 7:15
in GCM lounge. Movies will be
shown.
Swim Club: 8 p.m. in gym
lounge. Important meeting; all
members please attend.
