# Rain And The Track Situation
## 
### 
Dink Tcmplelon and his traeUsters arc
learning the lyrics to "Rain, rain, Go away,"
And thev have good reasons. Old man .lupiter
is treating this section of the state with a
downpour that has even some ol' the old lime
I'aly residents scratching their conservative
heads.
While t . C. cinder artists on with their
training over at modern Edwards field in
preparation for the Meet at the end of Ihe
month, and t roy prepares to sweep through
her collegiate rivals, the (Cardinal team has
in for the time heing, and most of the squad
sadly hemoans a lack of wehhed feel for
campus usage.
II is hard to realize that in the words of
the bleacher experts Stanford is approxi
mately in prime January form at this late
dale. However, this man Templelon has heen
known to hring along his teams at a late dale
to a point where they have made il plenty
lough for their opponents. All the lusty Cali
fornia adherents who are loudly shouting
"slaughter," may slill live to regret their pre
mature calculations.
