# S.C. Radio News Delayed as Troy Staff Shies Hash
## 
### 
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
A rash of an undetermined
quality postponed the Daily's
new feature of a radio news ex
change service with U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. last night. The story
is very simple. The radio oper
ator for the Daily Trojan broke
out in a rash yesterday which
aroused such a fright in the
Daiiy Trojan staff that they
refused to approach his quar
ters for any communications
from here.
Evidently in the remoteness
of the Trojan campus, tele
phones are a thing oi the fu
ture; so messages must be de
livered in person and hence
the radio service must be post
poned until the U.S.C. oper
ator fully recovers from his
pimply ailment.
Under the proposed service,
news of Stanford, U.S.C. and
U.C.L.A. will be exchanged
three times a week by the
amateur radio clubs of the
colleges who will in turn give
the material over to the campus
publications. Plans are being
made to attempt a start of the
service Wednesday should the
operator's rash give way.
