# University Gauges Water In Plans for New Dam
## 
### 
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
With prospects pointing toward a
new dam on Stanford property to be
built possibly within the next year,
the University i.s now keeping close
tab on the stream gauging stations
located on San FrancLsquito Creek.
The proposed dam will be an addi
tion to the present Stanford water
system which is fed largely by
Searsville Lake.
Although there is no real need for
added water at the present time,
plans for improvements in the sur
rounding territory indicate that
more water will be nccessaiy. Pres
ent plans for the dam call for the
water which will not be used by the
University to be sold to local com
munities.
