# Stanford scientists find new AIDS drug
## 
### 
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
Stanford scientists will an
nounce today their discovery that
a common non-toxic drug may be
used for a new approach to AIDS
therapy.
The drug, N-acetylcysteine
(NAC), blocks HIV, the AIDS
virus, in test-tube experiments,
thus giving some hope that the
drug may be effective in humans.
The non-toxicity might be crucial
to treatment of the disease be
cause some other promising AIDS
drugs, such as Compound Q, have
been shown to be toxic, in some

cases fatally so.
But the team of scientists > led
by Genetics Prof. Leonore Her
zenberg, expressed caution about
the findings.
"NAC is not a cure for AIDS,"
the scientists announced today at
an international conference ex
ploring research strategies on
AIDS, sponsored by Institut de la
Vie in Geneva, Switzerland.
The scientists said that if the
drug works in patients as well as
in the test tube, it could slow the
assault of HIV on the immune

system and prolong the life of
patients with AIDS. If used in
combination with such AIDS
drugs as AZT, a legally available
drug for treatment of AIDS, NAC
may be a very effective way of
prolonging the life of an AIDS
patient.
The drug NAC is available in
liquid form in the United States
and in tablet form in Europe. The
drug is used for treating chronic
bronchitis and other obstructions
of the lungs and as an antidote
to acetaminephen overdose, the

common ingredient of Tylenol and
other over-the-counter pain rem
edies.
The drug increases levels of key
molecules in human cells to block
the triggering of HIV production.
One particular molecule, glutat
hione, eliminates potentially
harmful oxidizing agents and is
essential for energy generation
and other cell functions.
"If you keep glutathione levels
high, the cells are 'happy.' If you
reduce them, the cells are sick,"
Herzenberg said.
