# Trains Reserved For Stanford Rooters
## 
### 
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
One Pullman and one coach will
be reserved for Stanford rooters
tonight on the 7:40 train to
UCLA. Southern Pacific said to
day. One special car will not be
used. Students who have reserva
tions on this car will be accom
modated 011 the regular train.
The Friday train will arrive in
Los Angeles Saturday morning at
8 a.m. Return trains will leave
Sunday from Los Angeles at 8:15
a.m. and 7:55 p.m., and will ar
rive in Palo Alto at 5:44 p.m.
Sunday and 7:45 a.m. Monday,
respectively.
