# Minto to Apply Gospel To Modern Day Living
## 
### 
"The Gospel in the Present
Tense" is the title selected by
Chaplain Robert M. Minto for his
sermon Sunday in the Memorial
Church. The weekly service begins
at 11 a.m.
The University Choir, directed by
Harold Schmidt, will sing Handel's
anthem, "Let Their Celestial Con
certs All Unite," and a motet by
Gibbons, "O Lord, Increase My
Faith." The three hymns to be sung
by the congregation are "O Wor
ship the King," "The Voice of God
Is Calling," and "Immortal Love,
Forever Full."
The organ prelude will be Guil
mant's Third Sonata in C Minor
(Prelude and Adagio movements),
and the postlude, Bach's Prelude
and Fugue in D Minor. Organist
Herbert Nanney will play.
