# Prep Writers Visit Here Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
The Central California Scholastic
Press Association will hold its 25th
annual convention on the Stanford
campus tomorrow. Stanford's Insti
tute for Journalistic Studies will be
host to the association, which is
composed of 350 high school journal
ism students and their advisors.
Institute Director Dr. Chilton R.
Bush said that a day-long program
has been planned, beginning with
registration at 9 a.m. in the Educa
tion Building lobby. Speeches and
round table panels on current jour-
