# U.S.C. Defeats California.
## 
### 
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
The Legal aggregation of the Uni
versity of Southern California defeated
the Blue and Cold second team by a
score of 9-3 in a ragged contest yester
day afternoon.
