# Quad.
## 
### 
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
J. H. Harrigan, ex-'l3, arrived on
the campus this morning to remain
until after the intercollegiate game.
