# Debaters Go To Salt Lake
## 
### 
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers
varsity debaters, and Bob Gros, var
sity debate manager, will represen
Stanford at the meeting of the West
ern Association of Teachers o:
Speech to be held in Salt Lake Citj
between November 27 and Decem
ber 1, according to announcement bj
faculty debate adviser Lee Chapin.
Approximately 20 of the leadinf
western colleges and universities
will be represented at the conven
tion, and will be active in the busi
ness session, the debate tournament
and other contests.
Mellinkoff and Rogers will par
ticipate in the debate tournament
debating on both sides of the na
tional Pi Kappa Delta question of the
year, "Resolved: that the nation;
should agree to prevent the inter
national shipment of arms and mu
nitions."
Gros will represent Stanford at the
business sessions of the meeting ir
his official capacity as president oi
the Western Association of Debate
Managers, and will address the as
semblage of managers. He will alsc
read a paper written by Chapin, fac
ulty debate adviser, who was invitee
to address the convention, but whe
will be unable to attend.
