# OFFERS PLAY PRACTICE
## 
### 
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
An opportunity for students with
little dramatic experience to read
and practice plays is offered by Miss
Elizabeth Buckingham of the English
department, who asks that those
wishing to try out meet at her home,
534 Lasuen, tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
In the new gold field in Ontario
Province, Canada, 3,800 claims have
been reported this year.
