# RIP VAN WINKLE OF FOOTBALL RETURNS
## 
### 

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}

Pat O'Dea (center), the University of Wisconsin's long-lost football
immortal, is shown as he arrived in Chicago en route to homecoming
festivities at Madison, Wis., where he was the guest of honor as Wis
consin engages Illinois. Greeting him are Dr. Joseph Dean (left), who
played end with O'Dea in 1897, and George F. Downer, a track teammate
of O'Dea. For years his classmates believed O'Dea died in the war, but
he revealed his identity a few months ago in California, where he had
been Jivinp under an assumed name. (Associated Press Photo}
