# STANFORD ALUMNUS DIES AT STOCKTON
## 
### 
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
George W. Leistner, '0.1, died June
2.1 at his home in Stockton. At the
nge of 53, he was head of a real es
tate company and president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce.
Leistner is survived by his wife, who
was Florence Ashley, '04. and a son
Hrtil daughter. The daughter, Mary
Louise Leistner. is a member of the
class of 1933 at Stanford.
