# M.A. APPLICATIONS DUE 17TH
## 
### 
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
Candidates. for the Master of Arts
degree now in their second quarter of
work, who expect to graduate at the
end of.the next quarter of residence,
must file their formal application not
later than Thursday, July 17. Applica
tion forms may be secured mi the Reg
istrar's office.
