# Dr. Bush to Talk At Market Meet
## 
### 
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
will talk on "New Sampling Pro
cedures in Opinion and Media Re
search" a t the "third Thursday"
dinner meeting of the San Francisco
chapter of the American Marketing
Association tomorrow at 6 p.m. in
the Stanford Union.
Professor David E. Faville of the
Graduate School of Business, direc
tor of the national American Mar
keting Association, will be general
chairman of the meeting. Harvard
Business School alumni in the San
Francisco area will meet with the
AMA group.
