# Zoning Plan Gets Approval
## 
### 
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
Stanford's requests for zoning
restrictions in the Foothills area,
to allow limited manufacturing
on its land, met with approval
from the Palo Alto City Council
last night, after an open hearing
which packed Ihe council cham
bers.
Stanford had asked for the zon
ing 1o allow light industries like
Ampex to operate there, under
annexation to Palo Alto. The city
offered a compromise resolution
which, according to University
Vice-President Alf Brandin, was
not practical for tho University
to accept.
Tho council, after hearing that
the University would have to
withdraw its request for annex
ation if its zoning plan was not
accepted, voted to accept Stan
ford's plan, subject to modifica
tion.
