# AFS Group Plans Tour of Campus
## 
### 
American Held Service scholars
from foreign countries studying
in the Palo Alto area will visit
c a rn p us Wednesday afternoon.
They will be joined by American
students from this area who par
ticipated in the program last sum
mer.
The group will be guided by
m e m hers of Stanford's A.F.S.
Club, all of whom have partici
pated in the A.F.S. program in
the past.
The purpose of the visit is to
allow foreign students the chance
to compare an American univer
sity with those in their own coun
tries.
The high school students' visit
will include the Medical Center,
Hoover Tower, an d s e veral
classes. A party at a local home
for both high school and college
students will'conclude the day.
Stanford's A.F.S. Cluli works
in conjunction with'A.F.S. com
mittees. Members interview high
school students applying for the
program and assist in planning
social activities for foreign stu
dents.
