# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.

Philip Banda presents his position paper to yesterday's gathering of Vietnam
protestors. The meeting, held in Memorial Auditorium, was intended to draw
together much of the anti-war opinion. From left to right are Assistant Pro
fessor of History Lyman Van Slyke, Mechanical Engineering Professor George
Leppert, one of the program's <*>host, and Banda.
