# Rook Helps Vet
## 
### 

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.

u
J paily Photo by Dave Bitts

Youth and experience — the entities that coaches
try to mix in spring practice for a winning ball
team. Here freshman Pat Preston (46), a line
backer, and senior with two varsity letters Don
Renwick (21) close in on the Alumni's Bill Miller
(87), who is receiving a pass. Spring practice
ends this Saturday with the intra-squad game.
