# Get Yearbooks In Pavilion Now
## 
### 
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
Everyone will be hitting the
books this week —at least one
book —the 1957 Quad.
Quads will be distributed to
day and tomorrow in the Pa
vilion. Student-body cards are
necessary in order to get the
yearbook, which includes 400
pages of Stanford activities.
Distribution begins at 8 a.m.,
to noon, and continues from
12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Books are
still on sale for $7.50 each.
