# 3 Stanford Cars Win Road Races
## 
### 
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
Stanford's three-car racing team
won throe first places Sunday to
dominate the Santa Rosa road
rates.
Winners were John Masterson,
class B, Corvette; Sherman Wel
ton, class F, Porsche, and John
Free, class F, MGA.
