# Museum Reception To Honor Dean
## 
### 
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
A reception honoring Dean and
Mrs. Philip H. Rhinelander will
be given by the Committee for
Art at the Stanford Museum to
morrow at 8:30 p.m.
Dr. Rhinelander, formerly di
rector of the general education
department at Harvard, became
dean of the School of Humanities
at Stanford at the start of the
current academic year.
The reception will be the first
occasion when new chandeliers at
the Museum are used. The im
proved lighting was provided
through a gift from Albert E.
Clegg of Atherton.
