# CROTHERS CLUB ELECTION
## 
### 
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
Newly elected officers of the
Crothers Club are Ed Nelson, sec
ond-term president; Larry Lauh
scher, second - term treasurer;
Steve Docter and Dan Mack, so-
chairmen, and Mike Kadence,
intramural athletic coordinator.
