# 'This Thing Called Love' To Be Shown Sunday
## 
### 
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
Fate of («wen (Jage and her
hero, who was last seen plunging
down into a canyon; will he de
cided Sunday night as the final
chapter of "The Secret of Treas
ure Island" will be shown.
Featured picture for this last
campus movie of the quarter will
he "This Tiling Called Love,"
starring Rosalind Russell and Mel
vyn Douglas. Time is 7:30; place.
Memorial Hall.
