# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
-
I scotch
I grain
I doesn't just go
I into bottles
H it's also a
H fine
leather that
|j makes the best 112
|j looking mens
jS shoe in captivity j
f| viz our bar^lay
5 shoe for 10.95
f<Lotrs &*urv
