# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
Special this week:
BRAKE
ADJUSTMENT
Remove wheels—inspect brake
linings and drums.
• Adjust all brakes
• Add fluid to master
reservoir
• Lubricate brake
mccbanism
NOW ONLY $2.00
labor
HAGEN & BELL
LINCOLN MERCURY
217 Alma DA 2-4685
