# Applications Due For Scholarships
## 
### 
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
Applications arc due December 2
for scholarships effective for the
winter and spring quarters. Grants
are open to graduate and under
graduate students, including those
who entered autumn quarter. Stu
dents who have not yet made a
Stanford record will be considered
if they arc found eligible when au
tumn grades arc in.
Eligibility is confincd to students
having a R average or better, who
present evidence of financial need.
In addition to general awards open
for study in any field, there arc
scholarships for which preference
will be given as indicated:
Ellis (San Diego resident); Esbcrg
(engineering or natural science);
Fried - Hotaling (drama); Fries
(medicine); Geiger (Christian Sci
cncc religion); Hanson (social serv
ice, youth guidance); Newell (Utah
residents); Stanford Women's Club
of San Francisco (San Francisco
woman).
