# Unanimous: Cal vs Ohio
## 
### 
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
PASADENA, Nov. 21 C/P) —It will
be California and Ohio State in the
Rose Bowl January 2.
The Pacific Coast and Western
Conferences made it official—and
unanimous—today. Thus will un
beaten, untied California give once
beaten, twice - tied Ohio State a
chance to reverse a 28-0 count in
the 1921 Tournament of Roses game.
California — voted into the Rose
Bowl last year despite Oregon's
equally impressive record—is easily
the class of the West this year, and
the West is hopeful that the Golden
Bears can finally crack Big Ten
dominance of them in this classic.
Illinois led off under the agree
ment, which excluded any Eastern
representative except the Big Ten
champ, by thumping UCLA, 45-14,
in 1947. Merciless Michigan poured
it on Southern California, 49-0, the
next year. Last New Year's Day, it
took all Northwestern's power to
turn back California, 20-14, late in
the game. But it still left the Mid
western teams with a 3-0 margin.

Comparative scores are usually
meaningless, but just for the record,
the Bears have a shade the best of
it this year, the shade being a mod
ern - day Galloping Ghost named j
Frank Brunk. His 102-yard touch- I
down dash gave the Bears a IG-10
victory over Southern California.
The Trojans earlier tied Ohio State,
13-13.
The Buckeyes were impressive,
however, and no one discounts re
ports that Wes Fesler's boys have
shown improvement since, climaxed
by Saturday's 7-7 tie with Michigan.
California, on the other hand, has
gone along all season, with every
opponent pointing for the Cal game
yet taking them as they came.
