# Derr to Speak At Mem Church
## 
### 
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
The Reverend Thomas S. Derr,
Assistant Chaplain of Memorial
Church, will speak Sunday, July
21. "Estrangement and Reunion."
Mr. Derr is a graduate of Harvard
and Union Seminary in New York
City. He worked in the East Har
lem Protestant Parish last year.
During ihe regular school year,
Mr. Derr works as the Asistant
Chaplain of Memorial Church, be
ing in charge of the chureh during
the month of July.
The Weekly candlelight service
will be held tonight at 9;30 p.m.
Pow-wow, a group which dis
cusses central aspects of the Chris
tian faith, will meet tomorrow eve
ning at 7:30 p.m. Ray Heimbeek
will bo speaking on "Clod Revealed
in Christ." There will be swim
ming after discussion, rides leav
ing the Post Office at 7:15 p.m.
