# Applications for Fulbright Grants Being Taken Now
## 
### 
The 1958-59 student Fulbright
grant applications are now being
taken, and deadline for submitting
application is October 15.
The awards are part of the In
ternational Educational Exchange
Program of the Department of
State, and are to increase and pro
mote better understanding of the
United States abroad. A college
degree or its equivalent before
the beginning date of the grant
and a United States citizenship at
the time of application are eligi
bility requirements.
Selection is made from the basis
of applicant's personal qualifica
tions, academic record, vaiuc of
proposed study or research and
suitability of placement in an
institution of higher learning
abroad. Awards cover transpor
tation, expenses of a language re
fresher or orientation course,
tuition, books and maintenance
allowance for one academic year.
Students desiring to make ap
plication or seeking additional in
formation contact Professor Kon
rad B. Krauskopf in the Geology
department.
