# New Campus Drive Being Constructed
## 
### 
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
As the new theater progresses pro
vision is also being made for addi
tional traffic. Construction of a paved
street running from the turn in Palm
Drive and in back of the theater
straight through to the B.A.C. has been
commenced.
All of the vacant space around the |
theater and near the Faculty Men's j
Clubhouse is to be leveled for park- j
ing space. On one side of the steel |
skeleton an amphitheater lias been !
partly constructed from the earth ex- j
cavated from the subway crossing at j
Embarcadero.
A horseshoe of dirt is the total ;
progress on the outdoor theater to !
date and a lack of funds has halted ;
construction indefinitely.
