# Artist To Exhibit Works at Gumps
## 
### 
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
The works of Ephraim Doner,
modern American painter, will be on
exhibit at the S. and G. Gump's Gal
leries in San Francisco from June 5
to July 1.
Doner, a native of eastern Europe,
was trained in Paris and has done the
major portion of his work in the
United States. His art combines these
diverse elements in his experience
and is rapidly gaining for him the
generous praise of art lovers and
rri< ips
