# Trust Offers Study Abroad
## 
### 
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
Rhodes scholarships offer an
opportunity for study abroad and
for intimate contact with British
Commonwealth stud en t s. The
Rhodes Trust provides for 35 an
nual scholarships (36 in alternate
years) from the overseas mem
bers of the British Commonweal!ii
of nations.
Rhodes scholarships to Oxford
University have been increased in
annual value. Dr. Courtney Smith,
president of Swart hmore College
and American secretary of the
Rhodes scholarships, announces
that henceforth 750 pounds ster
ling will be paid annually to
Rhodes scholars in residence at
Oxford.
Applications for the 1958 com
petition must be submitted to
state secretaries no later than
Nov. 5. Full details concerning
application can bo most conven
iently obtained from institutional
representatives for the Rhodes
scholarships in the various col
leges and universities.
