# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
INDIANS^
Gleefully, “You give
me a pain.” What the
jeune homme meant
(his grammar was
terrible) was that
Penelope had broken
down and given him
an Alan Paine sweater
for Ground Hog’s
day and he asked
then (again glee
fully) if Penny
(his favorite G. H.)
would go steady.
Oh, Alan Paine crew
necks are but 13.95
rqqs/atkins
