# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
March 30 - April 4
The
DIONNE
WARWICK
Show
April 12 - IS
LIBER ACE
April 20 - 25
CiLI N CAMPBELL
TICK I TS at Circle Star Box
Office; Macy's; Ticketron and
regular agencies. I or informa
tion call 364-2550 or 182-ftSM). ,
