# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
fHF. L"»S-Tt«Krl. I
SEE P.T.'S
/hirst rolleelioit of im
porlcd laiglish Argyles
in years.
Tull length and short
length — holh in I
weight all (I regn 1 a r
weight.
From .$2.95
Phelps
Tetkel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
