# Vets' Wives May Get Big Came Tickets Now
## 
### 
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
Holders of veterans' wives' sea
son tickets may purchase one Big
(Jame ticket by bringing their sea
son ticket scat checks to the De
partment of Athlctics today or to
morrow.
