# TOYON CLUB ELECTS THREE NEW OFFICERS
## 
### 
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
In the semi-annual elections of
Toyon Club held yesterday, Gilbert
Carr was electcd president of the
group. William Mearns received the
position of vice-president and W.
Bernarr Bates was clected secre
tary.
The new officers will take office
immediately and will hold their re
spective positions until the end of
spring quarter.
