# RESERVE OFFICERS STUDY EXPLOSIVES IN SPECIAL COURSE
## 
### 
Chemistry of explosives, study of
ordnance gauges, inspection meth
ods, metallurgy of ordnance steel,
pistol practiceâ€”these are some of
the things being taught twenty spe
cial students in the Department/ of
Military Science and Tactics, it was
said at the department offices yes
terday.
Nineteen reserve officers from va
rious parts of California and one
lieutenant from Benica Arsenal are
enrolled in the courses, which began
February 8.

With Colonel Donald C. Cubbison
as general director; Lieutenant
Colonel M. L. Brett as director; and
Major A. A. Hedge as executive of
ficer, the courses arc given through
the co-operation of the School of En
gineering with the Ordnance Di
vision of the War Department.
Instruction of this sort has been
given annually since 1927 and is
declared to be gaining headway in
many Eastern institutions. Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology, in
particular, is said to be deeply in
terested in the work.
