# EARTQUAKE AT U.C.
## 
### 
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
BERKELEY, May i; 1. (/p) The
University of California seismo
graph station today reported a
slight earthquake shock beginning
at 2:10 a.m. and lasting about, two
minutes had been recorded by the
station's instruments. The earth
quake apparently was centered not
more than 20 miles from the sta- 1
tion. I
