# VOTING FOR ROBLE OFFICERS WILL BE HELD TODAY-MINER
## 
### 
Nominations for Roble offices
closed last night and voting will
occur today until 7 o'clock, accord
ing to Ruth Miner, chairman of the
Roble election committee.
Candidates' names appearing on
the ballot today are as follows:
president, Helen Sue Eyster, Ruth
Roseberry, Bertha Wise; vice-presi
dent, Dorothy ('handler, Catherine
Spaulding, Catherine Musante, Jean
Magnus, Bessie Walk; secretary,
Helen Alison; House Committee,
Elizabeth Hosmer, Catherine Stan
ton, Veva Jane Haehl, Helen Eis
ner; Committee of Five, junior
member, Florence Krenz, Margaret
McDougall, Caroline Fisher, Betty
Scott, Barbara Boggs; sophomore
member, Margaret Friedman, Eliza
beth Lawton, Maria Lynch, Mary
Donnell.
One member is to be elected to
House Committee, and one sopho
more and one junior member to
Committee of Five.
