# JUNIORS TO WEAR CORDS FRIDAY AT TRADITIONAL BALL
## 
### 
Reviving an ancient and
honorable tradition, the Cord
Ball will he held this year
from I! to H o'clock Friday af
ternoon in the Women's Club
house. The dance will open
Junior Week festivities. The
Junior From is slated for Fri
day night followed by the
aquatic contests and 111e Jun
ior Opera on Saturday.
Continuing the old custom,"
none but upperclassmen will
be allowed to attend the Cord
Ball, and a pair of first-class
bouncers will hi! on band to
keep out all wearers of jeans,
moleskins, and other freshman
and sophomore apparel. Al
though the committee in
charge favors cleanliness, the
guards will not exact it.
