# Use Harmless Devices In Celebrating Fourth--Roth
## 
### 
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
Due to the extremely dry condition
of the campus, Comptroller Roth re
quests that students, faculty members,
and visitors limit their Fourth of July
; celebration to such harmless devices
as sparklers, red, white, and blue bunt
• ing, and tin horns. For those who in
sist upon a more spectacular exercise
of patriotism, Lagunita has been set
aside and provided with special fire
protection.
