# Poli Union Sets New Schedule
## 
### 
A n%w Stanford Political Union
executive board is beginning the
quarter's activities with a full
quarter schedule The first meeting
is set lor Feb. 9.
Roger Kent, Northern California
chairman of the Democratic party,
will be the speaker for the Feb. 9
meeting. Kent will discuss Califor
nia politics and party organization
in general.
Scheduled for early in March is
Walter Creighton, the state narcotics
head. Negotiations are also in prog
ress to obtain Senator Hubert Hum
phrey (D., Minn.) to speak here.
Rex Kramer, last quarter's vice
president, is taking over the presi
dency from retiring president Bill
Fundenberg. Ernest Hartz is new
vice-president, and Richard Bolton
will be the Union's business mana
ger. Other ex-board members are
Phyllis Birnbaum, clerk; Richard D.
Lee, Democratic chairman; Cliff
Kim be r, Republican chairman; and
Lurline Sampson, member at large.
The Political Union is half-way
through its second year on the Stan
ford campus. It is an administrative
board of the ASSU, and receives a
yearly budget from ASSU funds.
Encouraging interest and promoting
knowledge in American politics is
the goal of the Union, which is com
posed of Republican, Democratic,
and Independent caucuses.
In the past, the Union has carried
on its joint activities primarily
through meetings featuring guest
speakers, followed by student ques
tions and debate. A broader program
of discussion groups and informa
tional meetings is now in the plan
ning stage.
