# Ushers Needed for Soriano Concert
## 
### 
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
Ushers for Conzalo Soriano's
Monday performance in Memorial
Auditorium are badly needed, ac
cording to Concert Series Manager
John Tirrell.
Students wishing to usher should
apply at the Concert Series office
in the Nitcry from 1 to 5 p.m. be
fore Friday. A few tickets for the
concert are still available,
