# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
SALE
of
NEW FORMALS
$12.00
Values fo $22.50
Clamorous new styles in
Velvet, Satin, Metallic
Cloth, Taffeta. Prices re
duced V 3 to Vz in pre
inventory stock reducing
sale.
355 University Ave.
