# Underpass Work Re-routes Traffic
## 
### 
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
Through trial and error, a good
many -Stanford students have al
ready found out that the Univer
sity Avenue entrance to Palo Alto
has been closed because of under
pass construction. Palm Drive is
still open as far as Highway 101
l>ut all traffic is being rerouted
from there.

Most convenient way out of the
maze has proven to be the Embar
cadero Road route alongside the
Stadium, although some motorists
jjo down Palm Drive to 101. then
go north and switch hack near the
old Palo Alto tree.
