# Promises to '56 Fund Total $9050
## 
### 
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
Class of '5(5 Heritage Fund Com
mittee has received promised con
tributions of $9050 from Stanford
area businessmen, exceeding last
year's total by $1240.
Contributions from the yearly
drive are put into a scholarship
fund. Scholarships are based on
leadership qualities and need,
rather than orr scholastic or ath
letic abilities, according to Com
mittee Chairman Fred Ruhland.
Under a program started this
year, students receiving scholar
ships keep in touch with the fund
contributors. Ten students receiv
ed full one-year scholarships from
last year's fund.
The Heritage Fund is the yearly
gift to Stanford of each graduat
ing class. Solicitations will con
tinue through spring quarter.
