# Frosh Nine Meets California Rookies
## 
### 
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
Dick Clegg's frosh baseballers
will be put to the big tost when
they face Cal's Cubs on the fresh
man diamond at 10 tomorrow
morning. It will be their second
game of the season, as they won
the opener Tuesday against Santa
Clara, 4-3.
Reports from Cal are that the
Cubs this year are every bit as
good as they were last year. Com
menting on this, Clegg said that
last year's frosh team from Cali
fornia was "one of the best I have
ever seen."
He is confident, however, that
his squad will do the job. The
game against Santa Clara proved
that the Papoose baseballers have
the ability to come from behind.
Releasing only a tentative start
ing lineup, Clegg said that John
Ciillis, the southpaw who started
against the Broncos Tuesday, will
probably be the starting pitcher
tomorrow. Joel Mogy will relieve,
if necessary.
