# Election Results
## Delta Chi 
### 
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
Delta Chi announces the fol
lowing election results: Don St.
Claire, president; Bob Haydock,
social chairman; Dave Pastorius,
secretary; Dick Gillespie, house
manager; Boh Pielsticker, alumni
secretary; Eilif Kuhnle, sergeant
at-arms; Ed Toby, rushing chair
man; and Carl Rodegardts, intra
mural chairman.
