# School of Education Borrows Professors
## Instructors From Other Departments to Teach Courses in Education 
### 
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
An innovation in the method of sup
plying professors for a University de
partment was used in the organization
of the faculty of the new School of
Education which opened with the col
lege this fall. The faculty, which is
now complete, includes not only those
of the Department of Education, but
also a member from each of the other
University departments, who will give
their time to the teaching courses in
addition to their own classes.
Professor E. P. Cubberley is Dean
of the school, and the representatives
from other departments were chosen
with regard for their interest in the
teaching profession. This new sys
tem will give students majoring in
educational work an opportunity to
receive hints and information first
hand from men who have been in the
work for years and the value of the
department will increase accordingly.
The "borrowed" teachers who will
help in the Department of Education
are:
Botany, Assistant Professor L. L.
Burlingame; Chemistry, Professor R.
E, Swain; Commercial Work. Aca
demic Secretary George A. Clark;
Economics, Professor M. S. Wildman;
English, Professor W. H. Carruth;
General Science, Associate Professor
S. D. Townley; German, Associate
Professor W. A. Cooper; Greek, Pro
fessor A. T. Murray; History, Pro
fessor A. B. Show; Latin, Associate
Professor J. Elmore; Manual Arts,
Associate Professor E. P. Lesley;
Mathematics, Professor R. L. Groen;
Philosophy, Assistant Professor H. C.
Brown; Physical Training, men, De
partment Assistant E. R. Knollin;
women, Dr. C. D. Mosher; Physics,
Assistant Professor J. G. Brown;
Physiology, Professor E. G. Martin;
Romanic Languages, Professor O. M.
Johnston; Zoology, Professor C. C.
Price.
