# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
BICYCLE
;~p
- : iS
jfttjr
m
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicyclcs rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On El Camino Real across from
Stadium
