# U.S. MAKES LARGE LOAN TO CUBA
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
WASHINGTON, May 6 (UP).—A
$25,000,000 export-import bank loan
to Cuba was announced tonight by
Federal Loan Administrator Jesse H.
Jones.
He said in a formal statement that
the credit was authorized for "de
velopment and diversification" of
Cuba's agriculture and for public
works, including irrigation, highway
and sanitation projects.
