# VAN WAGENEN TO LEAVE
## 
### 
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
Richard Van Wagenen, who is a
candidate for the doctor's degree in
June of this year in political sci
ence, will be an instructor in the
Department of Government at Yale
University next year, where he will
give courses in state and local gov
ernments.
