# Encina to Dance At Formal Friday
## 
### 
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
Encina's roughs will go smooth
Friday night to their annual Spring
Formal. "It will be a really swell
affair with a Star Dust Theme," ac
cording to Eric Hauser, chairman of
the dance committee.
The dance will be free to all En
cina residents but will cost the cam
pus $2 a couple. Maurice Anger and
his 9-piece orchestra will provide
the music.
