# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
Corroboration of The Daily's
identification of Mary Helen Lin
ger as Earl Lee Archer's "dream
girl" has been substantiated by
United Press reports from Kansas
City.
