# REPORT NAZI SOUTHERN BASE
## 
### 

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.

DR. PAUL A. SIPLE, LEFT, head of the United States Antarctic Ex
pedition, returning to Boston, reported to Rear Adm. Richard Evelyn
Byrd that Germany maintained Antarctic naval repair shops at De
ception Island Harbor—only 600 miles from South America—until they
were blown up a few months ago. Dr. Siple was greeted by Mrs.
Siplc, center, and the famed Antarctic explorer.
