# 'Persecuted,' Says Arrested German
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 0 (UP).—
Reinhard Menneckes, 35-year-old
German arrested by FBI agent on
draft evasion charges when he at
tempted to return to Germany, said
today he and his family were "per
secuted" in Denver, Colo., where he
was employed by the German Hansa
Corp.
"It's not so good in Germany, bbt
I'd have peace of mind," he said.
