# Sayonara, Arizona
## 
### 
Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

Card tops Wildcats, 29-24




Daily photos by Lisa Romerein



When the Stanford football team arrived in
Tokyo Thursday, it didn't know quite what to ex
pect. Neither did the Japanese. Brad Muster run
ning for 108 yards to become the second Stanford
back to rush for 1,000 yards in a season was ex
pected. Greg Ennis throwing to Jim Price for a
touchdown on a fake field goal wasn't. Jeff James
came up a step short here, but caught three passes
on the day. As the torch at Tokyo Olympic Stadium
burned overhead, the Cardinal overcame jet-lag to
overcome Arizona 29-24. For Stanford, the chance
to "party Tokyo-style" came after the game.

