# The 						Chair and The Man
## 
### 

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)

THE FINAL DAYS of Bruno Hauptmann, accused kidnap-murderer of Charles Lind
bergh, Jr., are numbered. He is shown facing the chair where he will meet death
(A.P. Photo)
