# Threatens
## 
### 

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)

HE ADMITTED SENDING
two letters to President
Roosevelt threatening his
life. Austin Palmer, 52-year
old retired engineer. (A.P.
Photo)
