# JOB OPEN
## 
### 
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
A job is open at the Student's
Employment Bureau for one or two
men, willing to work for a cabin
and their board, at a Woodside resi
dence. They must, however, have
transportation to the campus., In
terested students should see Mrs.
Coverley.
