# Ticket Sales For Cal Game Only 199
## 
### 
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
Willi 199 rooters' tickets sold
! yesterday, liig (lame ducats go on
sale at 9 o'clock this morning for
the last time. "There will he no
exceptions made after sales close
this afternoon," A1 Masters said
yesterday.
The Stanford cagcrs will meet
California Friday night in (he
Pavilion. The two teams will clash
again January 31, and twice in
February.
