# Gordy Discovers Peeping Tom— False Alarm
## 
### 
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
Things became involved at La
gunita the other morning—early.
Gordy Davis, campus officer,
suspected something when, at 5
a.m., his powerful searchlight
brightened up a young man
crouched near the front door of
that famous hull.
The young man told Ibis story:
he was waiting for a "friend"
with whom he had arranged an
early-morning horseback ride.
Davis scratched his head quiz
zically, smiled, and went on.
