# RUSSIA'S 'IRON HAND'
## 
### 

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)

This latest photo of Joseph Stalin (center), Soviet Russia's most
powerful figure, was taken as he was on his way with Vyascheslaf
MolotolT (left), president of the council of people's commissars, to Red
square in Moscow to take part in the celebration marking the fifteenth
anniversary of the founding of the Soviet regime. (AP Photo)
