# Masters Raps Warner Rumor
## 
### 
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
Reports concerning the possible
resignation of Glenn Warner as
football coach of Stanford were
scouted today by Alfred Masters,
Graduate Manager, who said the
only information he had on the mat
ter was what he had read in the
newspapers.
Masters arrived here today with
the team from Pittsburgh where it
was defeated 7-0 last Saturday by
ihe University of Pittsburgh. Ted
Kite, left guard, was taken to the
hospital here for examination for
ankle injury. Bill Sim, left half,
suffered a broken nose during the
game. The rest of the players came
through in good shape. Coach War
ner is en route home now. He is
coming by way of Chicago and is
expected here the latter part of the
week.
