# PRINCETON WINS TRACK CONTEST
## 
### 

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.

ANNUAL POLAR BEAR track meet 011 windswept Franklin Field, Philadelphia, saw leading honors go to
Princeton. The finish of the 08-yerd final is shown above, with Kroupa. Penn, winning; Jackson, Prince
ton, fourth: Bradley, Penn, second; and Hughes. Penn, third.
