# Gym to Sponsor Dance Open House
## 
### 
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
The dance "open house"' program
scheduled for Tuesday evening,
March 14, will be sponsored by the
Department of Hygiene and Physical
Education for Women, instead of by
Orehesis as previously announced.
For five quarters it has been the
custom to conclude the dance classes
with a joint meeting and program,
which is being enlarged this season
by the addition of informal square
dancing for dance students and their
guests. The W.A.A. is furnishing
refreshments.
