# BRUSH EYE-LASHES
## 
### 
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
Famous beauties of Paris, London,
and New York all have little tricks
of makeup that add to their appear
ances. They nearly all brush their
lashes and brows, s'ome use oil and
some mascara, but the brushing is a
main item. One Viennese singer ap
plies black Metonian cream shoe
polish to her lashes with a brush.
She says it makes her lashes glossy
and neither tears nor salt water af
fect it.
