# WORKMEN REPAIR GIANT CLIPPER
## 
### 

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.

TIIIRI) OF TIIE HUGE transoceanic living boats to be built ;;t Seaitle. Hit* Hoeing Clipper 1!) shown above
points one wing to the sky while the other is loaded down to the water, as workmen repair the right-hand
hydro-stabilizer. The damage was incurred during a test hop mishap. The plane, which carries 71 pas
sengers, is slated for early service with Fan American Airways.
