# CANDY-STRIPED SLIPS
## 
### 
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
Candy-striped taffeta slips are the
latest lingerie note. They can be
worn under ail light sprint* clothe*
and especially well under i avy blue
and black sheers.
