# Leather Displays New Spring Colors
## 
### 
Spring leather accessories have a
spoken language all their own, a
language of color. Sugar white,
wisteria, magenta, shamrock, duck
green and huntsman green, robin's
egg blue, cadet blue, colonial, Copen
hagen, and porcelain blues; sand
piper, Indian wheat, natural, and
gold nugget; chestnut brown, nut
meg, coconut, and tobacco brown;
valary red, wineberry red, and can
yon red.
These are a few of the outstand
ing shades now in belts, dress trim
mings. and accessories for the gay
costume of the springtime.
Spring finds the draw-string neck
line a soft note after winter's se
ver,ty. Elective on a dark dress,
the neckline is lined with soft ruf
fles of linen and lace and tied with
Ihe draw strini*.
