# GRID APPLICATIONS WILL BE MAILED
## 
### 
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
Students wishing to buy gen
end admission tickets for the
Southern California and Cali
fornia football games must
leave their summer addresses
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol office before leaving the
campus at the end of the spring
quarter.
Owing to the fact that appli
cations close on September 1
for the Southern California
game and on October 1 for the
California game, students must
leave addresses in order to re
ceive their blanks in time. Ap
plications will be mailed to
those leaving addresses the lat
ter part of July. Students need
not apply for rooters' tickets,
which may be purchased after
autumn quarter registration.
