# NEW MEXICO MATCH
## 
### 
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
Stanford's polo team will meet 1
New Mexico Military Institute
here next Thursday, June 2, it
was definitely announced late
yesterday. Will Rogers, film
comedian, will be a spectator at
the match.
