# WARM DAYS HIT FARM, RECALLING PAST SCORCHERS
## 
### 
You call it hot, but the
weather records refer to it as
being warm. Scorching as it is,
the sun which has been blister
ing the campus for (he past
four days has not broken any
records nor set any precedents.
The hottest day Stanford ever
experienced was in June, 1891.
Workmen, putting the finishing
touches to the newly risen
Quad, Senator Stanford, in
specting his creation, wiped
their brows, and longed for a
cool Pacific fog. It was 106 in
the shade.
There were some other
scorchers in 1913, a heat wave
in 1929 which caused the organ
in the Memorial Church to go
badly off-key, and an oven-like
week last year that drove stu
dents to Half Moon Bay, cool
cellars, and the nearest soda
fountain.
It's not hot, just warm.
