# Village, Cal Hold A Dance Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
Stanford Village will co-sponsor a
closed dance with Mitchell-Peixotto
Hall on the University of California
campus tonight from 9 to 12 p.m.
A 60-man caravan, 50 from the
Village and 10 from Toyon, will
leave from the Village Administra
tion Center at 7 p.m. The dance will
be informal.
The exchange was originally to be
sponsored by Toyon, but because of
the USC game Toyon was unable to
handle it.
