# Stagers To Read 'The Octaroon'
## 
### 
Starring Shirley Jones of Gaieties
and Spring Show fame, Stagers will
present "The Octaroon" in the Little
Theater at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
Written by Dion Boucicault and
first played in New York in 1859,
the play will be presented here in a
more informal fashion than has been
attempted before. According to Paul
Crary, director, Stagers are en
deavoring to keep in mind the se
rious intent of the author as well
as the success of old revivals in
which the actors do not burlesque
the roles.
Joe Whitaker will play George, the
hero, and Jack Gillis, taking time
off from "Camille in Roaring Camp,"
will be the villain. Bud Cady,
George Wilson, J. P. Cahn, Sylvia
Onesti, Curt Barnes, Gordy Wil
liams, lien Devlin, and Aubrey Aus
tin are others in the play who are
familiar to Farm dramatics. New
comers in the reading are Harriet
Touten and Mary Leles. Stage di
rections will be read by Janet Dole.
Admission is 15 cents.
