# Field-Day Reception Committees.
## 
### 
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
The following committees will be
in charge of the reception and
entertainment of Berkeley students
on ield-l )ay:
Miss M. llurlburt, Miss E. Mc-
Fadden, Miss L. Hohfeld, Miss
Clara Taber, Miss Clara Martin,
chairman.
(). H. Hahn, Fred Perry, J. E.
McDowell, C. F. Riddell, E. M.
Davis, G. P. Roberts, Win. Erb,
chairman
