# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
Palo Alto Hospital—Bryon Bry
ant, Charles Nines, Floyd Roval
kvam.
