# 'Blessed Are Meek' Theme of Sermon
## 
### 
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
University Chaplain Paul Covey
Johnston will deliver a sermon en
titled "Blessed Are the Meek"' at
the 11 a.m. service in the Memorial
Church Sunday.
Music by Herbert B. Nanney,
University organist, and the Stan
ford Choir will include "O My God.
Forsake Thy People Nevermore"
from Bach's Cantata No. 79, and
"Ave Verum Corpus" by de Pres.
Sunday afternoon will feature
Warren D. Allen, organist, assisted
by Marjorie Dickinson, soprano, and
George Houle, oboist, in a program
including works by Bach. CimaVoso,
Buchner, Homilius, Donovan, and
Schlick. The recital, which will be
gin at 3:30 p.m., is under the aus
pices of the Music Teachers' Na
tional Association, and is open to
the public.
