# OATQ
## 
### 
Biology Seminar: 4:15 p.m.,
Room 430, Jordan Hall. Professor
Robert Page of Biology Depart
ment will speak on "Aspects of
the Ecology of Pilobolus." Tea at
4 p.m.
Family Club: (5:30 p.m., Friday.
Faculty Club House. Monthly
buffet. Speaker will be Mr.
Charles A. Taylor.
1962 Froshbook: 2:30 to 5:30 p.
m. Quad office. Available to be
picked up on presentation of re
ceipt. Extra copies for $1.50.
School of Mineral Sciences
Journal Club: 4 p.m., Room 320
Geologly Corner. Earu E. Brabb,
will speak on ''Geologic Problems
in the Big Basin Area, Santa
Cruz County, California." Coffee
at 3:45 p.m.
Kcd Vest (Basketball) Band: 7
p.m., Band House, Tuesday. Try
outs.
Women's Swim Club: 8:15 p.m.,
Women's Gym.
