# Players Open 'Venus' Thurs.
## 
### 
Christopher Fry's witty and so
phisticated comedy "Venus Ob
served" will be given by the Stan
ford Players on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday at 8:15 p.m. in Me
morial Auditorium.
A contrast of conventional and
unconventional love, the play con
cerns an English duke, a widower,
who decides to choose a bride
from a long list of former mis
tresses.
Jim Freiburger has been east
as the Duke of Altair, Ellon Kay
as Perpetua, John A. Baker as
Herbert Reedbeck. Nancy Jo
Sweeney as Rosabel, Kathleen
Duffy as Jessie, Polly Fitch as
Hilda, John McDaniels aÂ« Edgar,
Sam Reis as Domonic, Ruddi
Brunner as Reddlcman, and Dan
McCall as Bates.
Tickets, priced at $1.23 and
$1.75, are on sale at Memorial box
office, Peninsula Box Office and
Carlson's Book Store.
