# Students Pay Doctor Bills For Injured Football Men
## 
### 
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
LA VERNE COLLEGE, Jan. 12.—
Unable to pay the doctors' fees for
numerous injuries sustained by its
football players this season, La Verne
College was obliged to asses its classes
the amount needed. The athletic fund
being too small to cover the doctor
bills, the student body voted to bear
the burden itself. The freshman class
raised its quota by a benefit basketball
game, the sophomores by individual
assessments, and the upper classes by
methods unknown.
