# NOTICE
## 
### 
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
tennis manager should leave names
and telephone numbers on the blank
in the Sport Manager's office, gymna
sium, as soon as possible.
