# Letters to the editor
## 
### 
'Gene pool' column 'disgusting'
Glenn Truitt's column, "The
Shallow End of the Gene Pool"
(April 5), was easily the most dis
gusting and offensive piece I have
ever read in The Daily. The refer
ence to typical Wal-Mart shoppers
(which popular opinion over
whelmingly holds to be poor mi
norities) as "the snallow end of the
gene pool"; the reference to their
"minimum-wage stare"; the sugges
tion that "the one thing the
wretched masses seem to be really
good at is reproducing"; and many
other similar comments are nothing
but shallow, barely concealed clas
sism and racism.
This column accomplishes noth
ing except to reinforce negative
stereotypes of underprivileged mi
norities, who, in many cases, have
no choice but to shop at Wal-Mart.
The fact that it is presented as a
