# QUAD PHOTOS SCHEDULED
## 
### 
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
Zcta Psi members will be photo
graphed today for the IDoJ Quad in
the Quad office.
No other groups arc scheduled for
pictures toda^t
