# AWS Com Sells Food at Gaieties
## 
### 
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
Tonight through Friday night the
AWS Scholarship Committee will be
sponsoring the intermission food
sales at Gaieties. This annual ac
tivity of the Scholarship Committee
is organized to provide funds for
the Dean Mary Yost Scholarship.
Doris Feigenbaum is the chairman
for the sale, with Diane Schoening
and Frances Wong in charge of
food; Alice McKinney, salesgirls;
Mary Shorrock, publicity; Ann
Franks, arrangements.
This function of the AWS Schol
arship Committee was begun in
1946 upon the retirement of Dean
Mary Yost as Dean of Women at
Stanford to provide a fund for a
scholarship in her honor. The aim
of the drive is to earn enough
money so that a scholarship can be
granted to one girl each year from
the interest the fund accumulates.
The committee hopes to achieve its
goal this year.
