# ROOM VACANCIES
## 
### 
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
Registration's usual spring quar
ter slump has left room vacancies
in Toyon, Branner, and Sequoia
Halls, according to Miss Vivian
Church, secretary to Dean Culver.
