# Our Editorial Contemporaries
## 
### 
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
(Editor's Note: Roger E. Chase's first prize
editorial defending the Nye-Kvale anti-compul
sory-R.O.T.C. bill is printed below.)
