# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
PATRONIZE THE ADVERTISERS
DELETED
started to write "thoughts
while washing lipstick off
record room walls." . . .
nobody'd print 'em.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
Tennis 7
Racket*
Restrings
Supplies
Typewriters
Delmer Israel
260 Hamilton Ave.
DA 3-5342
