# Civ Students Plan Debate
## 
### 
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
A panel debate on the Recon
struction period will he held Wed
nesday at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium for Western Civ stu
dents.
The six debaters, chosen from
classes in History 11, are Albert
Brouse, Bart Goldman. Roger Ha
gan, Dave Jacobson, Jeanne Haz
lett, LaForest Phillips. They will
bring up the main points of politi
cal and economic changes during
the Reformation.
Trophies will be awarded to the
winners of the discussion debate.
