# Boys Like Girls Who Quietly Sit and See TV
## 
### 
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
When the hoys' section hecam™
overcrowded recently at the Stan
ford Con Home, it became neces
sary to transfer two lads into the
girls' division.
A call for volunteers was made.
And bidieve it or not, two hoys
readily offered themselves as sac
rifices.
One of them explained it this
way: "Girls behave, and so we al
ways get to watch televisoin."
