# Kefauver Stumps
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 — Sen.
Estes Kefauver carried his cam
paign for the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination into New Hamp
shire today with what some observ
ers construed as a sharp jab at
President Truman's political back
ground.
In a speech before a dinner meet
ing of the Nashua, N.H., Chamber
of Commerce, the Tennessee Sena
tor said the "moral tone" of a Gov
ernor, Senator, Ambassador, or
President "usually is set by his
early experiences in politics.
