# Basketball Tickets Go Off Sale Today
## 
### 
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
Basketball tickets for this week -
end's games against U.S.C. are on
sale in the lobby of the B.A.C.
Today is the last day for students
to purchase tickets on their slu
dent body cards.
Admission is 50 cents per game,
and student body cards must be
presented when purchasing tick
ets, and when entering the Pavil
ion on game nights.
