# RUSSIA TRHEATENS UNO
## 
### 
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
LONDON, Tuesday, Jan. 22 (UP).
—Russia threatened the United Na
tions Organization with its first big
crisis last night by demanding that
the Security Council investigate and
take steps to end "the situation
caused by the presence of British
troops" in Greece and the Nether
lands East Indies.
