# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Chapel Union has to all ap
pearance* proved a success. There
is no perceptible creak of machin
ery about its running, and it has
accomplished, so far, its object of
making the chapel exercises
brighter, more interesting, and
more home-like.
The Chapel Union has to all ap
pearance* proved a success. There
is no perceptible creak of machin
ery about its running, and it has
accomplished, so far, its object of
making the chapel exercises
brighter, more interesting, and
more home-like.
The Chapel Union has to all ap
pearance* proved a success. There
is no perceptible creak of machin
ery about its running, and it has
accomplished, so far, its object of
making the chapel exercises
brighter, more interesting, and
more home-like.
The Chapel Union has to all ap
pearance* proved a success. There
is no perceptible creak of machin
ery about its running, and it has
accomplished, so far, its object of
making the chapel exercises
brighter, more interesting, and
more home-like.
The Chapel Union has to all ap
pearance* proved a success. There
is no perceptible creak of machin
ery about its running, and it has
accomplished, so far, its object of
making the chapel exercises
brighter, more interesting, and
more home-like.
