# WELCOME EXTENDED BY PRESIDENT NEWHALL FOR TRUSTEES
## Expresses Appreciation of Loyal Service of Retiring Executive 
### 
William Mayo Newhall, president of
tlu; Hoard of Trustees, extended the
Trustees' welcome to President Wil
bur. After reading the resignation of
Dr. Branner, dated October 12, the
resolution of the Hoard of Trustees
accepting the resignation and appoint
ing Dr. Wilbur as his succossor, and
Dr. Wilbur's letter of acceptancc, lie
continued:
Possibly little, if anything, might bo
added to the words of the Hoard as
expressive of its sentiments towards
Dr. Hranner, but certainly an expres
sion of regret at his absence on this
occasion is not inappropriate.
Tribute to Or. Hranner.
Knowing the characteristic modesty
of the man it is not improbable that
an escape from our expressions might
lie welcome to him. In bis absence
the expressions of our proper recogni
tion will eliminate the somewhat un
savory feature of seeming fulsome
ness. What might be said of the man
that is not already known and rec- j
ognized? Hut little. I lis long and
most acceptable association with this
University is the best inscription for
his memorial of retirement. Dr. Hran
ner, for myself and for your host of
friends, I place a wreath of tribute
and of memory on the arm of your
vacant chair.
Founding Grant.
Dr. Wilbur, in accordance with our
academic procedure, you are presented
with a copy of the Founding Grant, as
symbolic of the authority and obliga
tion of Presidential office. Accept
them with the full significance of the
duties and requirements attending the
office. In the name of the Hoard of
Trustees I now formally invest you
