# Adv. 22 Page 6
## 
### 
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
"
j'J/vppV
5 minutes ride from campus
south on state highway. Only
place to enjoy both American
and Oriental dishes
10% Discount for Students
Sfr's Different
©
DANCING
Tonight. Saturday, and
Sunday
Music by Stanford Orchestra
No Cover Charge
