# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
FOR RENT—Bedroom and sleeping
porch with morning sun, 2 blocks
from bus line. 500 Oregon Ave.
Phone 5847.
FOR RENT—Two 5 and (J room cot
tages—new, modern; 15 minutes
by motor from Stanford; fur
nished or unfurnished. Phone Mrs.
Fritz, Mt. View 24150.
FOR RENT — Kingscoto Gardens,
Stanford Carnpua. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Steam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A,
7116.
LOST
LOST—Black •white ladies' Parker
pen on campus near Cellar. Please
return to Daily Office.
LOST—B-flat Clarinet. Left in front
of Physics 270. Return to Lost &
Found Dept., Administration
Building, or'call P.A. 21087.
LOST—Graflex Camera from Quad
Office. Reward. No questions
asked.
