# CONSTRUCTION STARTS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. (/P)—The
treasury has contracted for $34,-
000,000 worth of public building
since January.
