# FOSTER ELECTED TO HEAD RESEARCH CLUB
## 
### 
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
Now officers were elected by the
Faculty Research club at its monthly
meeting, held Wednesday in the
Faculty clubhouse. Those elected
were: Professor B. O. Foster, presi
dent: Professor E. P. Lesley, vice
president, and Professor Calvin P.
Stone, secretary-treasurer.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder, re
tiring president, read a paper on the
"Effects of the Glacial Period in the
Desert."
