# ANOTHER U.S. SPEED RECORD
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.—Captain
Frank Hawks, who holds the trans
continental air speed marks, has
added another record to his collec
tion.
Captain Hawks • left Curtiss-
Wright Airport at Valley Stream,
Long Island, Wednesday, and landed
at the William Penn Airport just 2-1
minutes later. It was the fastest
time on record between New York
and Philadelphia.
Unsatisfied with that record,
Hawks gathered some news photo
graphs of the final world's series
game and returned in 20 minutes.

He averaged 270 miles an hour.
Hawks holds the distinction of
traveling from the Atlantic to the
Pacific and back again faster than
any mortal has ever done. He has
hurled his powerful Lockheed
"Sirius" from ocean to ocean in
slightly more than 12 hours.
Competition came up once when
Captain Roscoe Turner held the
record for a short time at approxi
mately 14 hours, but Hawks came
back and clipped nearly two hours
from the elapsed time. Since then
no one has even approached the
mark.

