# SENATE INVESTIGATES SLUSH FUND CHARGES
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. .(Associ
ated Press) —Charges against the
Democratic forces supporting for
mer Senator Thomas F. Bayard in
Delaware are to be investigated to
morrow at Wilmington by the Sen
ate Campaign Funds Committee
preparatory to its swing through
North Carolina and Tennessee ;n
route to complete its study of the
Nebraska situation.
