# WESLEY FOUNDATION ENTERTAINS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
Methodist students and faculty
members, and their friends are in
vited to the "All-Wesleyan" party
at 7:30 this evening, at the home of
Prof, and Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson. 44f>
El Escarpado street, under the aus
pices of the Wesley Foundation for
Stanford.
The guest of honor will be Bishop
Charles Wesley Burns, of the Cali
fornia-Nevada area, who will speak
briefly on the foundation, the or
ganization for social and religious
work among the students of the
denomination.
