# Fencing
## 
### 
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
SATURDAY — Men's and women's
fencing vs. UC-Santa Cruz
NOTES — Competition begins at
1 p.m. in Roble Gym, free of
admission
