# THETA CHI OFFICERS
## 
### 
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
Theta Chi has elected Pete Ran
dels, president: Lee Stephenson,
vice president; Bill Bush, secre
tary; Tom Carpenter, house man
ager; and Don Parsons and Lee
Stephenson, rush co-chairmen.
