# Channing Club to Hold First Meeting Sunday
## 
### 
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
Channing Club, a college age
Unitarian discussion group, will
hold its first meeting Sunday
evening at 7:30. Dr. Frederic
Spiegelberg, owner of the first
sub-Himalayan collection of Tibet
an ghost traps, will speak.
This meeting will be at 1860
Oakvale Lane in Menlo Park, with
later meetings at 542 Alvarado.
Rides will be provided from in
front of the Post Office at 7:15.
