# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The rally held i>y one of the po
litieal parties in Palo Alto Satur
day, largely attended by University
students, was a marked contrast to
similar meetings in the University
towns of the East. Perfect order
prevailed and all rowdyism was
absent. The students of the Uni
versity of opposite political faith
gave the speakers of the day res
pectful attention and were orderly
in their conduct. This does not
imply any lack of spirit or strong
conviction among our students, but
is the result of the Stanford idea of
toleration —the respecting of every
man's opinion and his right to hold
it, whether it accords with one's
own or not. Those of opposite
faith will presumably have a like
opportunity in the near future of
displaying the same spirit.
The rally held i>y one of the po
litieal parties in Palo Alto Satur
day, largely attended by University
students, was a marked contrast to
similar meetings in the University
towns of the East. Perfect order
prevailed and all rowdyism was
absent. The students of the Uni
versity of opposite political faith
gave the speakers of the day res
pectful attention and were orderly
in their conduct. This does not
imply any lack of spirit or strong
conviction among our students, but
is the result of the Stanford idea of
toleration —the respecting of every
man's opinion and his right to hold
it, whether it accords with one's
own or not. Those of opposite
faith will presumably have a like
opportunity in the near future of
displaying the same spirit.
The rally held i>y one of the po
litieal parties in Palo Alto Satur
day, largely attended by University
students, was a marked contrast to
similar meetings in the University
towns of the East. Perfect order
prevailed and all rowdyism was
absent. The students of the Uni
versity of opposite political faith
gave the speakers of the day res
pectful attention and were orderly
in their conduct. This does not
imply any lack of spirit or strong
conviction among our students, but
is the result of the Stanford idea of
toleration —the respecting of every
man's opinion and his right to hold
it, whether it accords with one's
own or not. Those of opposite
faith will presumably have a like
opportunity in the near future of
displaying the same spirit.
The rally held i>y one of the po
litieal parties in Palo Alto Satur
day, largely attended by University
students, was a marked contrast to
similar meetings in the University
towns of the East. Perfect order
prevailed and all rowdyism was
absent. The students of the Uni
versity of opposite political faith
gave the speakers of the day res
pectful attention and were orderly
in their conduct. This does not
imply any lack of spirit or strong
conviction among our students, but
is the result of the Stanford idea of
toleration —the respecting of every
man's opinion and his right to hold
it, whether it accords with one's
own or not. Those of opposite
faith will presumably have a like
opportunity in the near future of
displaying the same spirit.
The rally held i>y one of the po
litieal parties in Palo Alto Satur
day, largely attended by University
students, was a marked contrast to
similar meetings in the University
towns of the East. Perfect order
prevailed and all rowdyism was
absent. The students of the Uni
versity of opposite political faith
gave the speakers of the day res
pectful attention and were orderly
in their conduct. This does not
imply any lack of spirit or strong
conviction among our students, but
is the result of the Stanford idea of
toleration —the respecting of every
man's opinion and his right to hold
it, whether it accords with one's
own or not. Those of opposite
faith will presumably have a like
opportunity in the near future of
displaying the same spirit.
