# Scientists Tell Result Of Possible Sun Explosion
## 
### 
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
PASADENA, Jan. 8 (/I 3 ).—"Should
our own sun suddenly explode, this
friendly planet would shortly be
nothing but a cloud of hot gases
drifting in space."
Astronomers who are looking for
the most colossal catastrophe of
matter which man has ever been
privileged to witness, describe the
possible catastrophe, according to
Dr. Fritz Zwicky, astrophysicist of
the California Institute of Tech
nology, today.
