# Technical Aides Needed For Drama Production
## 
### 
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
Electricians to aid in back-stage j
work during presentation of "Her j
Master's Voice" may report for try- ;
outs to the Assembly Hall Thursday
afternoon. An artist is also needed j
to aid in stage set preparation.
Students of any class are eligible !
for the work, which gives valuable j
experience. The play, written by j
Clare Kummer, is to be presented
early in February.
