# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
i
Our next great
romance is the
Duke and Duchess
(don’t ask the
duke and duchess
of what). They may
have had their prob
lems, but there’s
one thing for sure
when the duke needs
crew socks, the duch
ess knows there’s but
one store to see.
R A of course, and
the socks are but $l.
White w color bands.
■
RQOS/ATKINS
