# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
For advanced and clinical work in
medicine, as well as for training in
nursing, five buildings of the Stan
ford School of Medicine are situated
in San Francisco.
