# All Ration Books Due Immediately
## 
### 
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
Ration books number one, two, and
three must be turned in to the di
rector of residence of each living
group immediately, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of Univer
sity dining halls.
Miss Ricker also announces a new
schedule of Sunday meals in wom
en's dining halls. Brunch will be
served from 10 to 10:30 Sunday
mornings and dinner will be served
at 6 p.m. This eliminates one Sunday
meal from the previous schedule.
