# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
Did It Please
You?
In publishing Quad, Volume 33,
, every attempt was made to
achieve the finest in photogra
phy, engraving, printing, and
paper — no expense was too
great.
If you were unable to reserve a
copy or if you would like to
make the family a present of
this wonderful book —there will
be a few more copies on sale
Tuesday afternoon —1 to 4—in
the Administration Building.
MANAGER QUAD, VOLUME 33
