# Peryl Sheldon Announces Betrothal to W. H. Shaw
## 
### 
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
Peryl Sheldon, '15, announced her
engagement yesterday to William H.
Shaw. Miss Sheldon is a member of
Sigma Kappa. The date of the wed
ding has not been definitely set.
