# Wranglers Elect Alfrida Poco, Margaret Dietrich
## 
### 
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
Margaret Dietrich and Alfrida Poco
were elected to Wranglers at the
meeting of the society Tuesday night.
Further election of members will be
held tonight.
Wranglers and Euphronia will meet
in debate on I>ecember 6. The exact
topic has not yet been announced, but
the general subject, as chosen by
Wranglers, is "Henry Ford as a presi
dential candidate."
The meeting of freshman women in
terested in debating, which was sched
uled for Monday, will be held Thurs
day at 7:15. Wranglers will meet that
night at 8 o'clock after the freshman
meeting is over.
