# Officials for the Big Game.
## 
### 
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
For some days past an effort has
been made to arrive at some defi
nite agreement with California as
to the choice of officers for the
Thanksgiving game. All the offi
cials have been chosen except the
referee, and no definite arrange
ments have been made as yet, al
though it is thought Unit Ralph
Hoagland, formerly of Princeton,
who has been officiating as referee
for various games throughout the
Middle West, will be chosen. Hoag
land is on his way to the Coast now
in response to a telegram from
Coach Kelly of Berkeley, and will
very likely arrive in San Francisco
tonight. It appears that Hoag
land is not held as desirable by
Coach Yost. However, a decision
will be made definitely tonight.
Hoagland was sent for on Coach
Kelly's individual responsibility.
The other officials who have been
selected are as follows: The um
pire will be W. B. Goodwin, Yale,
'88, who has acted as umpire for
the past four years; the linesmen
will be Percy Hall, California, '99,
and probably Chester G. Murphy,
'00; timekeepers will be Dave
Brown, '97, and I. J. Muma, Cali
fornia, '99.
