# COME JOIN THE BAND!
## 
### 
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
More men each night are getting the
habit of drinking those huge creamy
malts after the movie at the Univer
sity Creamery, next the Stanford
Theatre.—Adv.

Flames a million miles long leap out
into space from the sun, yet they are
scarcely visible to the naked eye.
