# Off the Gridiron
## 
### 

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.

JIMIYIY COFFIS, flashy little full
back of three varsity football
squad:, is among the outstanding
athletes to leave Stanford with
the Class of '38.
