# May Sell Show
## 
### 

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.

HAL KAIIN is making arrange
ments wit li publishers who may
buy "Is Europe?", the spring
show which he wrote with Ed
Kerr.
