# Excom To Discuss A.S.S.U. Budget
## 
### 
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
Meeting tonight in its next-to-last
session of the quarter, Ex Committee
will spend much of its time discuss
ing next year's budget and hearing
the student manager's report, ac
cording to President Tom Killcfer.
Old business to be given further
consideration includes Pre-Reg Pe
riod plans and the proposed by-law
providing for an "activity co-ordi
nator." Chairman of next year's
Speakers' Bureau will be appointed,
Killefer said. The finance drives
committee is scheduled to report for
or against the program Women's
Conference has outlined to collect
the $50 they need for a scholarship.
