# MR. HYDE STRUCK BY BOK PLAN
## 
### 
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
One of the outstanding features of the j
winning Bok Peace Prize plan seems to
be its unfavorable reception by men who,
theoretically, should know. The San
Francisco Journal is emphatic in its dis
approval, and other papers throughout
the country may be classed in the same
category.
The plan reads well on paper—well
enough to win $100,000. It contains a
sentiment which will undoubtedly end
war, and promote universal brotherly
love and Utopian prosperity. Uncle Sam
will be posed as a combination of dic
tator-extraordinary and savior of all na
tions —if he can get away with it. Let
us see.
We have as a basic foundation the pro
posal that "the United States should ex
tend its present co-operation with the
League of Nations and propose partici
pation in the work of its Assembly and
Council," but at the same time maintain
its aloof and seemingly superior atti
tude.
Interesting if true. But the fact that
the league is quite apt to refuse us the
privilege makes it not at all true, and
hence much less interesting. But if the
league stifles what would seem to be ordi
nary human instincts and allows us to
meddle on our own terms, we have the
following proposal:
"The United States asks that the As

sembly and Council consent —or obtain
authority—to begin collaboration for the
revision and development of interna
tional law, employing for this purpose
the aid of a commission of jurists."
There's a constructive proposal. World
peace cannot be a fact until there is
something to prevent anything else. It
is conceivable that the "commission of
jurists" might succeed in drafting a code
wise enough to remove all the necessity
for war, and with a magical potency
which would inspire every nation with a
horror of violating it. Civil laws are
violated becausc the criminal fears only
punishment, and has no conscience to
trouble him. So the commission of
jurists must inculcatc a conscience in
every governmental body throughout the
world.
If the commission of jurists first finds
itself created, which is far from cer
tain, and then is able to work this
miracle, which is not far from impos
sible, we will have, world peace. In the
meantime the holder of the lucky num
ber will devote all his time and very
little energy to spending the hundred
thousand, and an obscure "commission
of jurists" will devote all their time and
superhuman effort to the almost hope
less task of making the Edward Bok
Peace Prize plan something more than
a plan. MR. HYDE.
