# CONVENTION REPORTS MADE AT MEETING OF COSMOPOLITAN CLUB
## 
### 
"We are going to try to make the
Stanford chapter the center of Cosmo
politan spirit in the West," said "Dell"
Buttrey, president of the Cosmopolitan
Club, at a meeting held for the purpose
of hearing reports from the national
convention held at Bloomington, Ind.
Buttrey said that Stanford should try to
build up the western chapters of the or
ganization in order to be strong enough
to bring the convention here in 1925.
A report on the business proceedings
of the convention was given by Don
Chase. Doris Harter reviewed the club
work of the other chapters, as sugges
tions for activities here. George Mizota
told of the changes made in the consti
tution affecting the local chapter. This
year the Stanford delegates were the
only representatives from west of Kan
sas City, Missouri, and it was the first
time in the history of the organization
that any college west of Denver had at
tended a national convention.
