# Adv. 31 Page 6
## 
### 
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
HOTEL
DARBY
LOS ANGELES
West Adams at Grand
A comfortable place to
stay while attending the
game. American and
European plan. Less than
one mile from the Coli
seum.
