# Interstate Market Plan Is Suggested by Curtis
## 
### 
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
SIOUX FALLS, S.D., Oct. 31. (/P)—
Establishment of an interstate mar
keting corporation was suggested here
today by Senator Curtis, the Repub
lican vice-presidential nominee, in a
discussion of farm relief remedies.
Senator Curtis emphasized that his
proposal was purely one of his own
and he added that he was "ready to
co-operate with the farmers and legis
lators in bringing about the best so
lution" of the agricultural problem.
