# Untitled Article
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31. (AP)—An armed
bandit held up a Fifth Street grocery
store here today, obtained a pound of
cottage cheese and $50 in cash and
escaped.
