# Officer To Speak On Oceanic Canals
## 
### 
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
Capt. B. C. Allen, U.S.N., will ad
dress students of Professor Eliot
Mear's class in Ocean Traffic on the
subject of "The Why and How of
Inter-Oceanic Canals" today at 11
a.m. in Room 305 of the Graduate
School of Business.
Captain Allen, who is Chief of Staff
of the Western Sea Frontier, is the
former head of the engineering and
physics department of the U.S. Naval
Academy. He was the navigating
officer of the first warship to pass
through the Panama Canal 2fl years
ago, and has taught in the schools at
Guam.
His lecture to the class today fol
lows one he gave two weeks ago on
"Co-ordination and Control."
