# Y Race Relations Group Will Meet
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Y Race
Relations group will be held this
Thursday at 4:30 p.m. in the Y rooms
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
During the coming year special
attention will be given to Negro
problems, a study of Japanese camps,
and relations with students of Mex
ico.
A large attendance is expected at
the Thursday meeting since 115 Y
members indicated an interest in
race relations, according to Chairman
Dodie Crile.
One of the main purposes of the
meeting will be to select a delegate
to attend the inter-collegiate com
mittee meeting in San Francisco on
Friday. There delegates from six
northern Californian colleges, in
cluding Sacramento Junior College,
College of Pacific, San Francisco
State College, San Jose State, Uni
versity of California, and Stanford
will act as a planning committee for
a race workshop scheduled in De
cember.
