# Illinois Professor To Give Seminar
## 
### 
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
Dr. Carl G. Hartman, professor of
zoology and physiology at the Uni
versity of Illinois, will be guest
speaker at the biology seminary to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 in Room
430 of Jordan Hall.
