# Mechanics' Class Meets Thursday
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
The first meeting of the Motor
Mechanics class, pre-requisite for
membership in the Red Cross Motor
Corps, will be held at the Palo Alto
Senior Hiyh School workshop, Em
barcadero and El Camino, at 7:15
p.m., Thursday.
Girls wishing to join the Stanford
unit of the Corps, which serves the
campus for the Red Cross and Civil
ian Defense, may contact Lieutenant
Merk (Mrs. James Merk), P.A. 828(3.
or enlist at the class meeting.
Enrollees may serve as drivers
while taking their requisite courses
in first aid and motor mechanics.
