# THOMAS EDISON HONORED
## 
### 

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.

INTO A HORN of an early phonograph speaks Thomas Edison Sloane,
grandson of the late Thomas Edison, during the New York observance
of the inventor's 93rd birthday.
