# SUNSHINE PREDICTED
## 
### 
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
j SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP).
—Fair weather is predicted for the
I Bay Region tomorrow, with increas
ing cloudiness becoming unsettled
and normal temperature for Satur
day.
