# MICHIGAN STATE WINS
## 
### 
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
EAST LANSING, Mich., Feb. 14
(UP). — Michigan State's Spartans
trounced Wayne University's bas
ketball team lrom Detroit here to
night, 46-29.
