# Officer Complains Wife's No Widow
## 
### 
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 14 (UP).
—Detective J. H. Grier came to life
in a hurry today as he scanned a
voters' list. His name wasn't there
and his wife was listed as a widow.
Grier complained to election ofii
cials: "If I m dead why doesn't some
body tell me these things?"
