# TENNIS TOURNEY
## 
### 
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
Stanford hosts tho NorCal In
vitational Tennis tournament
starting today at noon and run
ning through Saturday on the ten
nis courts next to Campus Drive.
The tourney is the second biggest
of tho year, with 48 entrants each
in the freshman, junior college,
