# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Berkeley men who wore the
cardinal combined with the blue ami
gold niid shouted for Stun foul at
the Christmas game, won the esteem
of every Stanford studei t It was a
generous act and one showing true
intercollegiate courtesy. Stanford
men should cherish the memory ol
it, and do us well if the occa ion
arises.
The Berkeley men who wore the
cardinal combined with the blue ami
gold niid shouted for Stun foul at
the Christmas game, won the esteem
of every Stanford studei t It was a
generous act and one showing true
intercollegiate courtesy. Stanford
men should cherish the memory ol
it, and do us well if the occa ion
arises.
The Berkeley men who wore the
cardinal combined with the blue ami
gold niid shouted for Stun foul at
the Christmas game, won the esteem
of every Stanford studei t It was a
generous act and one showing true
intercollegiate courtesy. Stanford
men should cherish the memory ol
it, and do us well if the occa ion
arises.
The Berkeley men who wore the
cardinal combined with the blue ami
gold niid shouted for Stun foul at
the Christmas game, won the esteem
of every Stanford studei t It was a
generous act and one showing true
intercollegiate courtesy. Stanford
men should cherish the memory ol
it, and do us well if the occa ion
arises.
