# Quads.
## 
### 
—Miss Jessie Cox, ex-'9t), was on
the quad yesterday. She is in a
training school for nurses in San
Francisco.
—E. S. Page, '00, appeared for
defendant in a larceny case argued
before the Palo Alto justice. De
fendant was sentenced to four
months.
—Frederick J. Teggart, '94, for
merly assistant librarian here, and
now librarian of the Mechanics'
library in San Francisco, was on
the quad today.
— Mrs. J. B. Davidson, Mr. and
Mrs. Albert Rosenow, son and
daughter, and Miss Lillian
Schnebly, of Ellensburg, Washing
ington, visited H. H. Adams, '02,
this week.
—Track Captain Boyd, '00, will
act as field judge, Track Manager
Cantwell, '01, as judge at the finish,
and Dr. Wood as timer at the Aca
demic field-day at Berkeley tomor
row afternoon. They left for the
city this evening.
