# Vet Bookstore Credit Expires Saturday
## 
### 
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
Saturday, April 30, Is the last
day veterans may use their credit
cards this quarter to buy books
and supplies at the Stanford
Bookstore.
