# History Teachers Receive Awards
## 
### 
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
Seventeen history teachers in
Western secondary schools have re
ceived William Robertson Coe Fel
lowships for study this summer in
the Stanford Institute of American
History.
Coming from Arizona, Colorado,
Utah, and points throughout Califor
nia, the teachers will arrive June 27
to attend the eight-week session.
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, head of the
Stanford History Department, is di
rector of the Institute. The program
was begun in 1943 by Emeritus Pro
fessor Edgar E. Robinson, author of
the recently published book "The
Roosevelt Leadership."
This year's session will open with
an address by Dr. Allan Nevins, Pu
litzer Prize-winning biographer and
history professor at Columbia Uni
versity.
The fellowships, providing $500
each, were given by Coc, New York
executive and philanthropist, who
died recently.
