# No-Down-Payment GI Homes Banned
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
WASHINGTON — The Veterans
Administration disclosed today that
it is outlawing GI home mortgages
which require no down payment or
closing fees from the purchaser.
Thomas J. Sweeney, assistant dep
uty administrator for VA loan guar
antees, said the VA will issue a new
regulation, probably within a week,
barring GI guarantees on loans that
include the total price of the house
plus closing costs.
