# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
Women's Rest Home—Alice Fer
rante, Collice Smith. Paula Tiss.
Men's liest Home — William Hall,
David King, Eugene Tollen, Gerald
Wilson.
Isolation Hospital — Susan Brain
ard, Jayne Royce, Mary Crumb, Mi
kell Kelly.
Palo Alto Hospital—Judy Dealing.
