# RA Applications Due By Sunday
## 
### 
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
Graduate students interested in
serving as Resident Assistants in
University residences and frater
nities may apply before Sunday at
the office of the Counselor for
Men, Building 1(11 -G, Inner Quad.
Interviews will be held by the
Chief Counselor for Men, Assist
ant Counselor for Men, and dor
mitory directors.
Appointments will be made on
or about May 15. It is requested
that all applications and inter
views be completed by that date.
