# Fellowships Are Offered by Kodak
## 
### 
Thirty - four fellowships for ad
vanced study in physics, chemistry,
and chemical engineering for the
academic year 1955-56 were an
nounced yesterday by the Eastman
Kodak Company.
Each fellowship grant, provides at
least $1,400 to the recipient. If mar
ried and with dependent children it
provides $2,100. In addition the
award allows a sum of $1,000 to be
paid to the University to help de
fray the cost of research expenses
during the period of the fellowship.
The purpose of. the program is to
encourage research training of
promising scientists and engineers.
Twenty-two of the fellowships
will he for study in the field of
chemistry, four in physics, four in
chemical engineering, and four in
either chemistry or chemical engi
neering. '
