# Novelty Shoes Are Italian Creation
## 
### 
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
I he latest in novelty shoes this
season come from the Italian
house of Ci Ranno. Their dainty,
three-strap sandals are decorated
with artificial daisies which are

actually perfumed, for the height
of elegance.
French heel pump's and sandals
are the most popular among the
dressier shoes. Ci Ranno and
Capezio have done them in black
patent, and in a rainbow range of
pastels.
