# STANFORD SINKERS RIVAL OXFORD TEA; TO BE SOLD TODAY
## 
### 
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
Beer at Heidelberg, tea at Ox
ford, pumpkin pie at Dartmouth,
BUT Theta Sigma Phi doughnuts
at Stanford! Women journalists
will hand out the usual ration of
one to a nickel from eight to
twelve in front of the Clubhouse
today.
By fairly official statistics, it
is estimated that only sixty per
cient of the campus eats break
fast. The other forty per cent
will have the privilege today of
filling the aching voids, and sav
ing themselves from emaciation
with powdered lifesavers this
morning. "Buy, Buy, Doughnuts!"
