# SECOND ROUND TENNIS MATCHES WILL START
## 
### 
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
I
All first-round matches in the tennis
tournament should now be completed,
Coach C. W. Davis announced last
night, and arrangements should be
made for the play-off of second-round
matches immediately. Men whose
names appear highest on the score
card in the gymnasium are responsible
for arranging the matches and failure
to do so by tomorrow will result in a
forfeiture.
