# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
All students interested in ush
ering at the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series are asked to report at the
Assembly Hall at 7:15 o'clock to
night.
