# Senior Crouch pitches first perfect game in Cardinal career
## Softball take consolation prize 
### Gabby Duno Contributing writer 
After a grueling weekend at the
National Fastpitch Coaches Asso
ciation Leadoff Classic in Colum
bus, Ga., senior pitcher Marcy
Crouch wanted to end the weekend
with a bang. Crouch, whose team
rallied behind her with eight runs,
threw her first career perfect game,
as the Cardinal had an 8-0 rout
against South Carolina to win the
consolation gold bracket.Though
recording only two strikeouts.
Crouch retired all of the Gamecock
batters.
While there was some outstand

ing individual performances during
the weekend, it was the support of
the whole team that rallied Stan
ford to victory in the bracket. Win
ning the consolation gold was cer
tainly a confidence booster for the
Cardinal.

SOFTBALL

â–  Friday-Saturday: Stanford (13-4)
took the consolation prize in Na
tional Fastpitch Coaches Associa
tion Leadoff Classis.

"We are coming together and
starting to play some consistent
softball." said Cardinal coach John
Rittman.

The Stanford soft hall team
proved its tenacity this past week
end at the NFC A tournament, im
proving its reeord to (13-4). The
Cardinal went 4-2 on the weekend,
taking home the consolation prize.
In the first game of the tourna
ment. No. 14 Stanford squared up
against No. 15 Oklahoma State.
Having lost to the Cowgirls Inst
May in the NCAA Regional
Championship game, the Cardinal
was looking for revenge. Much to
their chagrin, the Cardinal women
came up short in their hid for a win.
falling to Oklahoma St. 4-3. De
