# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
In
the City
A most convenient place
to meet is at Hastings',
on Post at Kearny. It's
close to everything and
the Accommodation De
partment offers you all
services, - from cashing
your check, a place to
phone, to any informa
tion you want.
"Meet you at Hastings'"
if-. i//■•«/.••
Eitibluhed iS34 '
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
