# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
Tau Psi Epsilon announces the
election of the following:
Sadie Aaron
Grace Peterson
Lillian Reinking
Kathryn Venner
Henrietta Woolf
