# Rushing System Will Be Subject of 1928 Meeting
## 
### 
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
This year's rushing rules for men
will be explained to the freshmen in
a meeting which will be held in the
lobby of Encina hall at 6:45 Monday
evening. The whole system will be
thoroughly gone over by Professor W.
B. Owens of the law school, and by
J. C. McHose, president of the inter
fraternity council.
Men's rushing starts this year on
May Ift, and will continue for three
weeks. Pledging is scheduled for May
31.
