# INDUSTRIAL DEATHS UP
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21 (UP 1 ). - The
conversion of the United States from
peacetime to all-out, war production
resulted in an 8 per cent increase in
the number of industrial deaths, the
National Safety Council said to
night.
