# HOW RUSSIANS TOOK MOZHAISK
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
MOSCOW, Thurs., Jan. 22 (UP). -
Russian troops won the decisive bat
tle of Mozhaisk by struggling
through chest-deep snow, hauling
thousands of big guns into position,
pulverizing the belt of German
sunken-tank pillboxes, and finally
storming and taking the city from
the west, it was revealed today.
