# Con Home Bridge Tournament Ends
## 
### 
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
Semi-finals and finals in the Con
Home bridge tournament will be
played off this afternoon in the
Nitery and prizes will lac given out
to the winners, Jane Deben, chair
man, announced.
