# Jefferson's Rhythm Art Friday Night Feature
## 
### 
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
"Artistry in Rhythm" will launch j
the Friday night Jefferson Hall fire
side with Mariposa House. Oil
paintings by the local talent in the
hall will be exhibited, and a con
test is planned to determine "who
are the local geniuses."
President Jorday Zan is directing
the arrangements, with Jack Mc-
Corkle acting as his assistant.
Guests will be confined to women
from Mariposa.
