# Jazzers Sponsor Sextet Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
Stanford Hut Jazz Society will
present the Bill Barnes Sextet at 8
tonight in the Nitery in the So
ciety's fourth session of the year,
open to the campus.
Barnes and the boys play ad lib
music in a modern fashion in con
trast to the previous concerts which
have featured predominantly Dixie
land jazz. The sextet is a recent
outfit on the Peninsula and have
been playing for fans at San Jose

State, but this appearance will \x>
their Stanford debut.
