# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All students engaging rooms in
advance at either Encina or Roble
for next year, will be required to
deposit $1. This will be returned
when the room is taken.
No. 7 of vol. I of the Report, a so
ciety paper published every Wednes
day in San Jose, contains the first
part of a biographical sketch of
President Jordan. Tbe front page
contains a very good, in fact the
best likeness of our president yet
printed.
All students engaging rooms in
advance at either Encina or Roble
for next year, will be required to
deposit $1. This will be returned
when the room is taken.
No. 7 of vol. I of the Report, a so
ciety paper published every Wednes
day in San Jose, contains the first
part of a biographical sketch of
President Jordan. Tbe front page
contains a very good, in fact the
best likeness of our president yet
printed.
