# Philippine Bugs Acquired.
## 
### 
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
The Department of Evrcomology has
acquired from Dr. Edgar M. Ledyard,
of the University of the Philippines, a
large collection of Philippine Island
insects. The collection includes more
than 10,000 specimens. Many of them
are of striking beauty, while others
are bizarre and almost fantastic in
appearance. The special value of the
collection, however, lies in the fact
that it includes many insects which
are recognized as injurious pests in
the Philippine Islands, some of which
may be at any time accidentally im
ported into the United States. Stu
dents of the department can become
acquainted, by means of the speci
mens in the collection, with these
pests, and in their later professional
work on the Pacific coast be enabled
to recognize them on their first ap
pearance.
