# LOAN FUND
## 
### 
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
Announcement, lias been made that
the Board of Trustees of the Universi
ty formally recognized and accepted
the Alumni Advisory Board Fellow
ship. This is a loan which Is used as
a fellowship to aid candidates for ad
vanced degrees. The requirements in
making loans to deserving students
places emphasis on character, schol
arship, intellectual promise, as well
as personal needs. The recommenda
tions are such that only the most de
serving can receive the loan. The
fund originated in a gift of $120 do
nated by the Advisory Board of the
Alumni Association. The total of the
fellowship at the present time amounts
to $235. Financial assistance is need
ed by several worthy students this
spring, who are candidates for ad
vanced degrees. Contributions to this
fund f.rom undergraduates, alumni,
Faculty, or friends of the University
would be greatly appreciated, no mat
ter how small or how large.
