# ASSEMBLY TICKETS
## 
### 
The first assembly of the semester
is scheduled for the 11:15 period to
morrow morning. According to the
.ruling of the business management the
number in attendance at University
functions held in the xVssembly Hall
is limited to the seating capacity. In
order that students and Faculty may
have first preference tickets are given
out free of charge at tlie Registrar's
office to all who make application.
This ruling was put into effect last
semester, much to the chagrin of sev
eral hundred students who were not
cognizant of the fact that admittance
to assemblies is only gained by the
presentation ol a ticket. If you have
not already secured your ticket do so
the first thing in the morning. The
pasteboards may be obtained at the
Registrar's office till 10:30.
