# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S MURAL
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Zcta Psi,
Gym, 7 o'clock.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma, Pa
vilion. 7 o'clock.
Business School vs. I)ekcs,
Gym. 8 o'clock.
Los Arcos vs. Castilleja Hash
ers. Pavilion, 8 o'clock.
