# DECISIONED
## 
### 

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.

Tommy Loughran, latest American |
challenger for the world's heavy
weight boxing crown worn by Italy's 1
giant mauler, Primo Camera, who |
slugged it out with the champion at
Miami, Fla., Thursday night and was
out-pointed and decisioned, is pic
tured above.
