# SAME MEN COULD SCORE IN IC4A's
## 
### 
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
These same men, in addition to
Blackman, Nimmo, and probably
Thorns, whose events were not of
fered at Long Beach, could score
plenty of points in the IC4A's this
.spring if they were given the oppor
tunity to compete. Stanford track
fans will have their first chance to
look over the powerful Indian squad
this Saturday when it meets the
alumni in an all-University meet to
raise funds to send the team to Phil
adelphia far the IC4A's.
As it stands at present, the ques
tion of whether a squad shall be sent
East is up to Stanford students as
sufficient B.A.C. funds to pay the
team's expenses are lacking. Satur
day's meet will furnish an opportu
nity to make an even better estimate
of Stanford's potential strength and
if well supported should make quite
a dent in the amount remaining to
be collected to pay the squad's ex
penses.
