# SECRETARY
## 
### 

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.

J. Stadelman, The Dalles, Ore., busi
nessman, who has been appointed
Secretary of State by Governor Ju
lius Meier of Oregon, succeeding Hal
lloss. Hoss succumbed recently fol
lowing a long illness.
