# ANCIENT CROCODILE EGGS
## 
### 
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
Anthropologists have excavated in
Arizona crocodile eggs over 200 mil
lion years old.

I An anti-pun society has been or
ganized at the Stevens Institute o£
Technology.
