# WHY IT'S NEWS
## WATCHFUL WAITING 
### CROMPTON BANGS, Jr 
Europe is still anxious and watch
ful. Although nothing of great im
portance happened last week, there
were the usual disquieting rumors
about Austria. This state of affairs
is likely to persist for some time, all
because a definite realignment of
powers is now taking place. Until
this new balance is reached, it is
impossible to predict either peace
or war. But what is the new align
ment, and how did it come about?
How It Happened
The post-war era in Europe ended
with the rise of Hitler and the Nazis
to power in Germany. In this era,
everything was built on the pre
dominance of France and her allies
(Czecho-Slovakia, Yugo-Slavia, Ru
mania, and Poland) in central Eu
rope and around Germany. It was
soon obvious that peace depended
upon some concessions to van
quished Germany.
But France &c Co. were not in a
giving mood; they did give in a few
times, but it was always too late to
do any good. Finally, two things
happened: (1) Italy joined hands
with Germany; (2) Hitler came to
power on a wave of anngry resent
ment at France; the old military
spirit came to the top again.
What It Is
As Germany became stronger and
nervier, Italy saw it would be dan
gerous to play ball with her, for
Hitler wanted to dominate Austriaâ€”
too close for comfort. In the mean
time, the French policy got weaker
and weaker, thus encouraging Ger
many all the more. So Italy was left
to defend the Austrian fort against
Hitler. And she saw that her future
security depended upon supporting
France and maintaining the treaties.
In the meantime, over on the east
ern frontier of Germany, Poland was
alarmed. She saw Tier great ally,
France, sitting idly by while Hitler
re-armed Germany. Fearing for her
safety, Poland made a non-aggres
sion treaty with Germany. Thus in
one year Hitler has lost the support
of Italy and detached Poland from
the French system. What is more
important, he has weakened the
prestige of France in Europe.
Late Developments
Coming back to Italy, we find her
busy lining up Austria and Hungary
on her side of the fence. Her pur
pose of course is to build the strong
est possible buffer between herself
and Germany. Judging from the ac
tivity of Italy's Foreign Minister in
his travels to Vienna and Budapest,
there is an even chance of his suc
cess. But Italy and all her new al
liances can't check the Nazi advance
alone; France's help is needed.
Today all eyes are on France.
The question is whether France's
present government is strong enough
to regain her lost prestige. France
is the only great power in Europe
having a vital interest in the se
curity of the central European na
tions. France and Italy together can
prevent a gradual or sudden Nazi
fication of these countries. If they
fail, what occurred in Austria is
likely to be repeated elsewhere. The
question is one which France and
Italy will have to solve themselves.
No help can at present be expected
from England or the U.S.
