# Professor to Give Advice for Travel
## 
### 
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
William Miller of the Institute of
International Education will be in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse at 4:15 this afternoon to
help students with their travel
plans,
Miller can furnish information on
travel, study, and work in foreign
countries, both during the summer
and during the year, and will an
swer any questions.
