# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
Clues /\
from
the MtMK
MORNING GLORY
. . . When a grey dawn
makes you forget to shine
—then it's time for one
of the new wool dresses.
... In autumn colors,
they give you morning
glory.
$10.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 W.ivcrlcy
