# ANOTHER AIRFLIGHT
## 
### 

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

A 6,400-mile flight from Califor
nia to Tokyo in a monoplane of new
design is the objective of Monty G.
Mason (above), veteran California
aviator with more than 2,000 flying
hours to his credit. He hopes to
take off about December 1. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
