# ENDS HIS CAREER
## 
### 

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok

Willard Mack, ctage and screen
writer and actor, died at his Holly
wood home after a two weeks ill
ness. (Associated Press Photok
