# GETS POST
## 
### 

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)

As a first step in a general pro
posed reorganization of the nation's
steamboat inspection service, Presi
dent Roosevelt named Capt. George
Fried (above), sea hero, as super
vising inspector for New York. (As
sociated Press photo.)
