# Three in a row
## 
### 
The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

The Little Maids (Nancy Kane, left, Lorraine Myers, Gabrielle Nevitt) are among the citi/ens of Titipu
announcing the Savoyards' production of The Mikado which opens Nov. 14. The Gilbert and Sullivan
romance of heady adventure in japan will run through Nov. 18 at 8 p.m. except for a 9 p.m. Nov. 15
performance. Tickets for the Dinkelspiel Auditorium operetta are available at Tresidder: $3.50 for
general admission, $1.50 for students.

