# PHI DELTA KAPPA
## 
### 
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
An important business meeting nj
the Phi Delta Kappa, honorary edu
cation fraternity, will be held ii
Room 50 of the Education buildiui
on Thursday evening, June 30 a
7:45 o'clock.
