# MOVIE COURSE
## 
### 
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
Scenes from well-known motion
pictures such as "Thunder Over
Mexico," "Arrowsfnith," "The Phan
tom of the Opera," and others Were
shown in Room 100 last night for
Professor Mendelowitz' course
