# Debaters Reach Seattle.
## 
### 
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
The Stanford debating team that
will meet the University of Wash
ington speakers tomorrow night
arrived in Seattle this evening and
will have tonight and tomorrow to
rest before the contest. The out
come of the debate will he received
here by wire immediately after the
decision is rendered tomorrow
night.
