# Untitled Article
## 
### 
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
As long as an event is included
in the curriculum of meets between
Stanford and California those who
represent us should be given a
Varsity emblem. The athletic
committees in the past have failed
to extend to the tennis men the
privilege which as Varsity men
should he theirs. Up to a year
ago, when shirts were given them,
the men who played on a losing
team had nothing whatever to
show that they had taken part in
an Intercollegiate event. The
shirt is by no means an adequate
insignia. If ever a tennis team de
served a Varsity "S" it is the team
which this year went up against
the California players. Weihe put
up a magnificent game, and had it
not been that Baker, weakened by
the approach of the fever, was un

able to hold out against his op
ponents, the meet would have been
ours.
