# SAE Pledges Aid Palo Alto Organizations
## 
### Jerry Rankin 
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
While Page One headlines and
stories last week told the story
of the area fraternity beating in
cident, 200 pledges from Stan
ford's Sigma Alpha Epsilon house
quietly went about putting in 325
hours of useful work in the Palo
Alto area.
The group's efforts were part
of the fraternity's annual "Help
Week," which last year replaced
"Hell Week."
Groups profiting from the
pledges' work were the local Red
Cross office, the YMCA, Yacht
Harbor, Veterans' Hospital, Palo
Alto Society for the Blind, the
Kiwanis Club and the City Man
ager's office.
All groups contacted had high
praise for the students, who also
carried their full load of classes
and fraternity-enforced study
hours during their community
service stints.
Very Sincere
Mrs. Gerald E. Van Burgen,
executive secretary of the Palo
Alto Red Cross, said the pledges
"were very sincere in their wish
to be of help and of service" to
the Red Cross.
She noted that they did their
tasks of cleaning the kitchen, in
ventorying the storeroom and
moving and putting in order the
disaster equipment in an "effic
j ient, fast" manner.
Burrl Brenner, of the Veterans'
Hospital recreation department,
said they were "as nice as they
could possibly be" while clean
ing storerooms and digging out
an area for sandtraps on the
hospital golf course.
Worked Hani
"They worked quite hard, ex
tremely well and cooperated very
well." He said they were offered
a dip in the hospital pool after
working in the dusty storeroom,
but refused, saying they had to
get on with the rest of the job.
Palo Alto Harbor Master Marc
Nesbit said the pledges did a
"wonderful job" in clearing up
:lie harbor's bird sanctuary and
dock area.
Stanford's In tor fraternity
Council Monday night abolished
the traditional "Hell Week."
SAE's action last year was in line
with a ruling by its national of
fice.
