# Med Center Fights Skin Disease
## 
### 
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
Stanford Medical Center re
searcher* are conducting an all
out attack on psoriasis, a skin
disease which affects three to
four million Americans.
The investigation is to be un
der the direction of Dr. Eugene
Farber, professor of dermatol
ogy, and is made possible by a
grant from the John A. Hartford
Foundation, Inc., of New York.
