# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
—
PROPAGANDA DEPT.
Start now to soften 'em up
toward that WEBSTER 3-
speed automatic portable
you want for graduation.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
