# Law Student Gets U.S. Job
## 
### 
Marshal! L. Small, top - ranking
man in the Stanford School
graduating class, has been named
law clerk by Associate Justice Wil
liam O. Douglas of the U.S. Su
preme Court.
Small's new duties will start with
the October term of the Supreme
Court.
Small is also one of seven law
students selected for membership in
the Order of the Coif, legal schol
arship honorary society, it was an
nounced yesterday by-Dean Carl B.
Spaeth.
The Law School equivalent of Phi
Beta Kappa, the Order of the Coif
membership is chosen from the top
10 per cent of each graduating class.
Newly elected members besides
Small are Frank F. Church Jr.,
Robert P. Schifferman, Edmund H.
Kerr, Irving I. Sulmeyer, Gerald G.
Wolf;ion, and Carter Quinby.
