# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be :i bicycle run leav
ing the main entrance to the quad
rangle every Saturday at 1J) a.m.
All members of the University in
terested in wheeling are cordially
invited.
There will be :i bicycle run leav
ing the main entrance to the quad
rangle every Saturday at 1J) a.m.
All members of the University in
terested in wheeling are cordially
invited.
There will be :i bicycle run leav
ing the main entrance to the quad
rangle every Saturday at 1J) a.m.
All members of the University in
terested in wheeling are cordially
invited.
There will be :i bicycle run leav
ing the main entrance to the quad
rangle every Saturday at 1J) a.m.
All members of the University in
terested in wheeling are cordially
invited.
There will be :i bicycle run leav
ing the main entrance to the quad
rangle every Saturday at 1J) a.m.
All members of the University in
terested in wheeling are cordially
invited.
