# Track Dance Will Be At Club House Tonight
## 
### 
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
Following the track meet with the
University of Southern California this
afternoon, the second campus dance of
the spring quarter will he held tonight
at the Women's Club House. Promptly
at 8:.30 the dancing will begin, with
Louis Lissner's jazz orchestra, composed
of a banjo, saxophone, 'cello, drums and
piano, to furnish the music. The admis
sion will be seventv-fivc cents.
