# Juniors Must Pose Soon for 1918 Quad Pictures
## 
### 
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
November 2.'! has been set as the last
dr.te for juniors to have their pic
tures taken for the 191S Quad. Many
eighteeners have already been photo
graphed for the hook. Post cards,
urging members of the 1918 class to
pay their Quad dues and have their
photographs taken at Davey's, imme
diately, were issued by Manager F.
Weeks, Saturday. Quad dues are five
dollars. Every junior who has paid
this assessment is entitled to a copy
of the yearbook when published and
to space in the class photograph sec
tion.
