# SEMINAR IN MEXICO
## 
### 
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
"The Eleventh Seminar in Mex
ico" will be held for interested stu
dents this summer, from July 9 to
29, in Cuernavaca and Mexico City.
Information about membership, in
cluding work in archaeology, eco
nomics, music, education, arts, and
inter-American relations, may be
secured ?'rom.. the Committee on
Cultural Relations with Latin Amer
ica, 289 Fourth Avenue, New York.
