# Santa Clara Wins Championship.
## 
### 
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
The Santa Clara high school fifteen
took the secondary school rugby cham -
pionship of northern California from
the Lowell School of San Francisco
last Saturday, !• to 3. The result of
the game gives the mission town team
the right to struggle with the Los An
gles Polytechnic school for tho cham
pionship of the entire state. This
contest will probably be scheduled for
Christmas Day at Lob Angeles.
