# Football Casualties.
## 
### 
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
An estimated record of football cas
ualties for this season, exclusive of
Thanksgiving games, includes -ti
deaths and 69 injuries. Ten of the
fatalities occurred on college teams,
!) on high school teams, and 7 <»!)
teams not affiliated with schools. The
injuries tiro proportioned in the same
ratio.
