# Symphony Tickets Available to IIR
## 
### 
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
Three tickets to t.ie San Fran
cisco Symphony are available each
week to any member of the lIR In
ternational Club. Students wishing
tickets for the Thursday evening
symphonies may get thorn from Mr.
Warmbrunn at the Foreign Student
Adviser's office.
