# Chappie Maps Way to Game
## 
### 
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
Chaparral has gone all out, in its
November issue, which goes on sale
today, to provide information and
directions on how to get to Satur
day's Big Game.
The humor magazine's center
spread is devoted -to a full - sized
map on "How to Get to Berkeley,"
conceived by artist Bob Sprague.
Another Chappie feature, a story
entitled "The Duck," offers a new
mode of transportation to the Ber
keley site of the annual Stanford-
Cal contest.
The magazine goes on sale tliis
morning at the four corners of the
Quad, the Post Office, and the Cel
lar. Price is .10 cents.
Still in the Big Game .spirit., Chap
pic. will include "rejected" Big
Game Gaieties scripts never here
tofore published.
"Max, the Stanford Mouse," a story
from the files of Pal Hermick, Stan
ford Private Eve, is also featured.
