# SECOND QUARTER BEST
## 
### 
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
The second quarter meant good
football to Stanford's PCC champs
last year. In that quarter they
scored their most points, 67, while
holding their opponents to the low
est total; 27.
