# Candidates Must File Statements
## 
### 
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
All AKSU eanddates should
have returned a statement of
expenses to the nominations
lx>\ in the ASSU Office. Any
candidate who has failed to
submit a statement must do so
l>y :00 today.
