# WHAT IS AIDS?
## 
### 
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
ACQUIRED
A condition which is not in
herited
IMMUNE
The body's defense systems
responsible for fighting
disease
DEFICIENCY
A breakdown or inability of
certain parts of the immune
system, making a person
more susceptible to certain
diseases to which the person
would not ordinarily be sus
ceptible
SYNDROME
A group of symptoms and
diseases that together are
characteristic of a specific
condition
