# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
Hastings Women's Dept.
Stripe Shirt Waist Dress
with full skirt in beautiful
spring colors—lilac, green,
beige, Cj orange fabric.
100': Dacron Polyester
$29.95
STANFORD
SHOPPINC
CENTER
