# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
O y —\o
17
LUDCKE
The Unpainfed
Furniture Man
Need a desk for studying at?
Lee Ludcke (pronounced
Ludcke) has got 'em! Full
sized study desks for as
little as $12.95.
And for a beautiful chest—
don't go to a corset shop—
see Ludcke! Big 2, 3, 4 or
more drawer chests for little
bitty prices!
For unpainted furniture
values . . .
BE HAPPY . . .
CO LUDCKE!
I LUDCKE S
MENLO PAINT STORE
"WHERE THE MENLO
PAINT SIGN SHINES"
1159 E! C.imino • Menlo Park
3 blocks north of Belts
I —^ _—
