# STANFORDITES MAKE GOOD
## 
### 
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
Three former Stanford football
stars, Frankie Albert, Norm Stand
lee, and Bruno Banducci, scored the
only three touchdowns for the '49-
ers in their game with the Chicago
Bears last Sunday.
