# SJ-Stanford Movies To Be Shown Tonight
## 
### 
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
Coach Marctyie Schwartz will
narrate at a showing of (he San
Jose - Stanford fiame movies in
Cubberley Auditorium tonight at
7:15. All students are invited hy
Cardinals to attend.
Steve Barnctt, chairman of the
showings, said the movies will he
a regular Wednesday night fea
ture in Cubberley Auditorium.
Either Schwartz or a member of
his stalT will be on hand to de
scribe the action.
