# Credit Evaluation Deadline Oct. 27
## 
### 
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
Petitions for credit evaluation for
former Stanford students and trans
fers must be filed not later than
Oct. 27, Registrar H. Donald Win
big! er announced last night.
Former Stanford students who
took college work elsewhere should
file a petition as well as students
who were in military training, Win
bigler said.
Forms may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building.
