# Listed by Director
## 
### 
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
cy De Groot, Miriam Worland,
Ralph McCormick, Norman Wilner,
and George and Michael lakemedes.
The play, written in 1887, deals
with the struggle between a man
and his wife for control of their
daughter.
