# Britisch Palestine Policy Condemned; US Flayed
## 
### 
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Oct. 2.—
Palestine's Jews, threatening like
the Arabs to "defend our lights to
the utmost," today accused Britain
of trying to sabotage any United
Nations solution of the Palestine
problem.
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, spokesman
of the Jewish Agency for Palestine,
delivered an indictment of British
policy before the United Nations'
special Palestine committee. Sil
ver assailed Britain for a "do-noth
ing" attitude toward Palestine,
complaining that Britain refused to
join other UN nations in enforcing
a solution of the Palestine question
unless Britain approves the solu
tion.
He went on to assert that force is
necessary to effect a peace in Pal
estine and that should UN members
decline to give military support,
trained Jewish manpower would be
immediately available to fill the
vacuum.
Earlier UN diplomats heard the
Bulgarian delegation protest that
the United States was conducting a

%/
"monstrous blackmail" plot against
Bulgaria, trying to make that coun
try confess falsely that it was an
aggressor against Greece. Bulgar
ian Delegate Nissim Mevorah asked
the UN political committee to kill
an American resolution that would
condemn Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, and
Albania as aggressors.
