# Slate Exams Set For Job Openings
## 
### 
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
Stale examinations for 17 posi
tions will be given during this
month and November, according to
the State Personnel Board.
Graduate medical students desir
ing psychiatric training may apply
for positions ranging from $225 to
$341 per month. Selections will be
made by the board on the basis of
competitors' records by Nov. 12.
Other positions open include:
Senior File Clerk (male), $210; As
sociate Equipment Engineer, $395;
Correctional Industries Representa
tive, $310; Correctional Industries
Co-ordinator, $310; District Super
visor of Rodent and Weed Control,
$310; Insurance Examiner, $310 to
$37(!; Economic Entomologist, $281;
Elevator Operator, $170; Utilities
Engineer, $268; Cylinder Pressman,
prevailing; Typist - Clerk, $100 to
$190.
Applicants must be United States
citizens.
