# Nielsen Tells Next Yearâ€™s New Sponsors
## 
### 
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
New sponsors for summer and f;ill
quarters in Roble as announced by
Marian Nielsen, chairman of the
sponsor-choosing committee, are B.
J. Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, and Syl
via Lisberger. Returning sponsors
are Pam Straithairn and Betty Haz
eltine. Officers for summer quarter
are head sponsor and president of
Roble, Pam Strathairn; vice-presi
dent. Betty Hazeltine; and secretary
treasurer, Joan Fullinwider.
Barbara Stofer will be sponsor at
Lagunita for summer quarter where
there will be new transfer students.
New sponsors for Roble in fall and
winter quarters are Lorraine Stre
blow, Joyce Costello, Sylvia Davis,
Marjorie Johnson, Eleanor Marks.
Returning sponsors are Helen Mally,
Helen Jones, Marylou McClure, B. J.
Calfee, Joan Fullinwidcr, Barbara
Stofer, and Sylvia Lisberger.
Roble officers for fall and winter
are Lorraine Streblow, head sponsor
and president; Joyce Costello, vice
president; and Helen Mally, secre
tary-treasurer.
Branner Hall will house new fresh
man women this fall for the first time
and will continue to house women
for the duration only. New sponsors
for Branner for fall and winter are
Barbara Lamb, Gwen Jones, Marian
Bush. Madeline Brill, and Pam
Strathairn.
Barbara Lamb will be head sponsor
and president of Branner while Ma
rian Bush and Gwen Jones will serve
as vice-president and sccrctary
treasu rer, respectively.
Sponsors for Ventura are Yvonne
Guilbert, Louise Phillips. Jean Pehl,
and Jane Irwin. Miss Guilbert will
serve as head sponsor and president.
