# Daily Staff To Meet Sunday at 12:30 P.M.
## 
### 
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
The weekly meeting of the Edi
torial StalT of the Stanford Daily
will he held this Sunday at 12:30
in (he Shack. All those stalT mem
bers who wish to have promotions
must attend this meeting, as should
all those who wish to attend the
Dai'y banquet. Night editors and
head copy editors will meet at
12:1").
