# Sponsors Go on Record To Support Honor System
## 
### 
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
Freshman sponsors at Roble went
on record last night to support the
Honor System as regards examina
tions, classroom work, report, and
papers.
Peg Owen, head sponsor, explained
the system as outlined by President
Wilbur at the joint meeting of Men's
and Women's councils last week.
Sponsors agreed that some violations
must be treated by group action on
the part of the entire student body.
