# Cavalry Flankers Fight Each Other.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Oct. 8. —It is reported that
there were cavalry operations in force
in the north last night, and that the
allies were successful. Our horsemen
are steadily moving toward Belgium,
and are said to have frustrated an at
tempt of the Germans to cut their com
munications. The main battle lines ex
tend a hundred miles from the river
Aisne toward the Belgian frontier.
