# Cease-fire proclaimed by powers in Angola
## 
### 
PRETORIA, South Africa -
South Africa, Angola and Cuba,
taking their first concrete step
toward peace in southwestern
Africa, declared an immediate
cease-fire yesterday in the 13-
year-old Angolan civil war, and
Pretoria pledged to begin
withdrawing its troops there by
Wednesday.
In the wake of their fourth
round of peace talks last week in
Geneva, the countries also agreed
to ask the United Nations to im
plement, beginning Nov. 1, the
long-delayed plan for indepen
dence in Namibia, the mineral
rich territory that South Africa
has ruled for 73 years.
Firm agreement on Namibian
independence still depends on
overcoming one of the more dif
ficult hurdles in the U.S.-
mediated peace talks â€” drawing
up a timetable for withdrawal of
the 50,000 Cuban troops helping
Angola's government fight a rebel
group supported by the United
States and South Africa.
Hut in the joint announcement
yesterday, Angola and Cuba

promised to reach agreement by
Sept. 1 on a timetable for the
Cuban withdrawal that would be
"acceptable to all parties."
"This is the first step on a very

long and arduous
road to stability
in the very im
portant region of
southwestern
Africa," South
African Foreign
Minister Roelof
"Pik" Botha
declared at a
news conference
in Pretoria.

Angola and Cuba prefer a slow
withdrawal of Cuban forces over
the next four years, while South
Africa has pushed for a more rapid
pullout. South Africa's negotia
tors said last week that they
would agree to Namibian indepen
dence by next June 1 if Cuba
withdraws its troops from Angola
by the same date.
Botha said mechanisms were in
place for monitoring the cease
fire.
Los Angeles Times


Pik Botha
