# Entertainment
## Getz and friends fill Frost 
### 
Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


Providing a large crowd at
Frost Amphitheatre with
some cool jazz on a hot Sun
day afternoon, Stan Getz
headlined the annual Au
gust mini-festival. Getz,
above left, has played with
many jazz greats and is a
well-known figure in the
Stanford community.
In addition to the Stan
Getz Quartet, Viva Brasil,
the Hi-Lo's, guitar soloist
Joe Pass, and Joe Nadel and
the Stanford Jazz Workshop
All Stars performed in the
concert, a fund-raiser for the
Music Department, where
Getz is an artist-in-res
idence.
Relow left, Joyce Cooling,
Viva Brasil's guitarist, en
joys her performance. The
San Francisco group made
its debut performance a
memorable one with their
lively blend of Latin
rhythms.
ItHt<(ir«ii>liv hv
I niimir Alvare#


