# COSEC Inquiry Denied in Africa
## 
### 
The Research and Information
Commission of COSEC has been
denied authorization to investi
gate the situation in South Africa,
reports "ew"informationcn of
Bonn,
The National Union of South
African Students INUSAS* pro
tested the government decision in
a statement to all student Na
tional Unions and called upon the
student unions to support the pro
test against the undemocratic
attitude of the South African gov
ernment.
The NUSAS statement also
asked all student National Unions
to inform the South African Gov
ernment as to what students
throughout the world think of
Ihe government's policy of apar
theid.
