# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
Reg for ACC Starts
Registration tor ihe HR
sponsored Atlantic Communi
ty Conference to be held on
December 1 begins today ami
lasts throngb Friday. Regis
tration will take place at En
gineering Corner from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. or by mail, ad
dressed to IIR-ACC, Box 3K09,
Stanford.
There will be a $3 registra
tion fee which includes a pre
conference information pack
et, admission, lunch, coffee
hour, and a 35 per cent dis
count on the Carlos Montoya
concert tickets.
