# Farm Non-Alum Gifts Top Nation
## 
### 
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
Non-alumni parents of Stanford
students gave more money to the
school of their children's choice
last year than their counterparts
at any of the major United States
private universities.
Nine hundred and twenty-four
parents who did not attend Stan
ford gave $124,336 in gifts to the
University. Closest to them were
1388 Princeton parents with $70,-
998. Following in order were the
non-alumni parents of Dartmouth,
Yale and Harvard.
