# Baseballers Face Diablos
## 
### 
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
If the rains bold off long
enough to allow the Sunken
Diamond to dry, Stanford will
meet t lie Los Angeles State
baseball team today at 3:15
p.m.
Coach Hutch Feliring plans
to split flic mound duty three
ways among Hob Leopold, Dick
Williams and Wally Miller. The
Cards will be aiming for their
ninth win against three set
backs.
