# READ THIS
## 
### 
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
Rumblings from the grapevine
indicate i large ADC "party" at
I: on Alpine Road in the near
future, so all under the magic
a. e beware!
