# THE 						COPERNICAN THEORY
## 
### 
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
The Copemican theory was the
conception that the sun. and not the
earth, is the center of our planetary
! system.
