# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
CONFIDENCE 1
When you've done your work faith- |
fully each day, you can zip through
final exams like a breeze. And when
you complete your secretarial train
ing at Katharine Gibbs, you can
enter any business office with confi
dence. Personal placement service in
four cities. College Course Dean.
KATHARINE GIBBS
NEW YORK 17 2:i'o Park Ave.
BOSTON I(< ....HO Marlborough St.
CHICAGO II 720 N. Michigan Ave.
PROVIDENCE « 155 Angoll St.
