# Last Day to Apply For Tuition Loans
## 
### 
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
Today is the last day to obtain
applications for cash hums for
summer and autumn quarter tui
tion. Any undergraduate or
graduate student is eligible to
apply in either the Dean of Stu
dents' or the Dean of Women's
office.
Application for student aid
grants for summer and autumn
quarters must also he made this
week in the Administration
fiuilding office of Mr. Winhigler.
