# CRICKETS PICKET
## 
### 
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
OKANOGAN, Wash., May 1G
(UP).—Millions of crickets today
occupied the bridge across IMe Oka
nogan River at Monse, Wash., mak
ing it almost impassable for "poi
son trucks" headed to fight off the
hordes which already have de
stroyed 2,000 acres of pasture.
Five tons of poison have been
scattered across the ar°a in an at
tempt to stem the insect swarm be
fore it reaches neighboring wheat
fields.
