# 'Political Game' Charge Laid to US
## 
### 
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., Aug. 14
(UP;. —Russia accused the' United
States today of the "crudest inter
ference" in Greek internal affairs
and charged American representa
tives were playing a "political game"
in the United Nations Security
Council.
Andrei Gromyko, Deputy Soviet
Foreign Minister, said Russia would
veto any plan for a border watch in
the Balkans which termed the situ
ation a "threat to peace" or tried
to blame Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and
Albania, for the trouble along
Greece's northern frontier.
Gromyko s firm statement meant
certain death—and probably Rus
sia's 12th and 13th vetoes—tor
American and Australian proposals
now before the council. It also vir
tually assured that the explosive
Balkans problem would be tossed
into the already-full lap of the UN
General Assembly when it meets at
Flushing Sept. Id.
"All the world knows who is
really interfering in the internal
affairs of Greece, and from what
siue Greece is threatened with real
danger," the Russian said. "The
crudest interference . . . emanates
at present from the United States."
