# VISITING CHAPLAIN
## 
### 
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. Chester B. Fisk of Dart
mouth College will be visiting chap
lain Sunday at Memorial Church
services, George J. Hall, University
chaplain, announced yesterday.
Services will be held at 11 o'clock.
