# COLLEGE GROUP TO MEET
## 
### 
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
College Congress will hold its last
meeting tomorrow morning at 10 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse, co-chairman Lloyd Hall
announced yesterday. Formal invi
tations are being mailed to 40 West
ern universities, he said. The con
gress will convene at Stanford Nov.
24 through 26.
