# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
—Samuel \V. Belford, ex-'96, lute
assistant adjutant general on the
staff of General Otis at Manila, has
an article in the Review of Reviews
for April entitled "Material Prob
lems in the I'hilippine Islands."
