# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
Ouk game Saturday was lost for
two reasons, lirst, because our men
did not play the game of which
they are capable; and second, be
cause the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom is the poorest excuse for a
diamond ever perpetrated on a suf
fering Stanford Varsity. The first
of these defects can and will be
remedied. Our men have taken a
slump, but that slump can not last.
Even as it was the showing of the
Stanford team was equal to that of
its adversaries, and, old though the
excuse may be, part of the failure
to connect was due to luck. Our
errors were costly and critically
placed; our hits were not clean and
well landed. For the diamond it

lias been suggested that the man
agement i.Hike our diamond slower,
to correspond with the one in the
city. The men are still confident
and they have every reason to he.
Vet once more the student body
should he urged to attend the prac
tice games, and give the team what
support they can. It is necessary
—it may be vitally so. The teams
can not practice night after night
with the poor support they are now
receiving, and the issue must inevi
tably sometime be defeat.
