# HILTON SECURES MEDAL.
## Wins First Place in Sophomore Championship Debate of Nestoria. 
### 
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
Before n large and appreciative a
diuace, F. li. Hilton last night won
first place in Ihe initial Sophomore
championship debate of the Nestoria
Literary Society. The contest was
characterized by excellent speeches
and arguments on the part of the
seven participants.
The judges deliberated fifteen min
utes before awarding the medal to
Milton. Hilton's debate was both
forceful and logical, and it was the
combination of these qualities that
secured him the decision, lie upheld
the affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved, That United States Sen
ators should be elected by a direct
vote of the people." Professors
Woodward and Huston of the Law
department and Professor Bassett of
the English department selected the
winner. I). C. Boyd, 'OS, presided.
