# Lecture Before Biological Society.
## 
### 
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
Assistant instructor C. V. Burke,
'OS, of the Zoology department will
give an interesting and instructive
talk on "What is a Species?" before
the Biological Society next Thursday
afternoon. October 8, at 4:30 o'clock
in room 434, Those interested are
invited by the society to attend.
