# Euphronia to Hold Banquet.
## 
### 
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
I!i place of the customary literary!
program, the members of the Kuph-j
ronia Literary Society will gather
around the banquet table at the Uni
versity inn on Tuesday evening, when
they will partake of a sumptuous re
past. Every member is expected to
contribute something to the evening's
entertainment either in the form of
toast or "stunt". President W. C. t
Shelton, '08. will act as toastmaster.
