# Adv. 27 Page 9
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Research Division of private spe
ciality group seeks an R.N. (or
Clinical Research Studies evalu
ating new medications for asthma.
Experience preferred. Full time
position. Please Fax Resume to:
(408)553-0757
OFFICE ASSISTANT/TRAN
SCRIBER Dynamic,downtown
Palo Alto research firm seeks
enthusiastic admin, assistant for
phone support,transcribing,filing,
customer phone contact. Flexible
hours,l/2 time.Call Stu at 415-
833-0733 or fax resume to 415-
833-0720.
Summer counselonchristian and
sports background pref'd. Teach
12-16y.o.,Tues & Thurs.6/20-7/20
Call Bethany Lutheran Church
@854-5897
Sumr tutor wanted,hdwrAX)S diag
nosties for 14y0,1v ms 364-7255
Bartender trainees needed. Earn
to $20/ hr, day/eve classes. 1-2
week classes. 415-968-9933.
International Bartender's School.
Summer Job:aprox.3o h/wk. Office
Mgr/admin.For start-up co.in Los
Altos.Proficiency in Chinese a
+!Good organ, skills req.sls/hr.
Nancy 851-4058 reyering@leland.
Miss Yuan, call Evelyn about the
job after 7PM, 851-ai27
Seek 2:(1) Reliable,indep person
w/flex sched&need to earn extras
Est.4-10hr/wk;(2)Japanese man to
be onisan to son. Do chess, nihon
go,sports.Call4oB-955-4294(w)
Part-time summer secretarial
position; M-F;3-4hrs/day;some
flexibility in hrs;strong computer
skills req; familiarity w/medical
terminology; pleasant phone
manner required when dealing
w/families of patients and health
professionals; call 723-7987 or
send resume/app.to: Newborn
Screening. 750 Welch Rd. #120,
Palo Alto. CA 94304, Fax 725-
6037.
Driving companion needed .
Driving to East Coast.Leaving
6/14. Flex. Please call 497-5202
SUMMER JOB
F/T: Nifty mail-order catalog in PA
seeks dependable person to staff
small warehouse and occasionally
fill in at retail store. Ability to juggle
multiple tasks, can-do attitude &
sense of humor appreciated. Must
have driver's license and be able
to lift 50 lbs. Start ASAP, potential
to continue after end of summer.
Close to campus. Kate or Karen
857-0888.
OFFICE ASSISTANT
Entry-level opportunities at Klutz
Press: We're seeking creative,
upbeat co-workers with energy &
sense of humor appreciated.
Dynamic phone manner & solid
keyboard skills required. We offer
competitive salary+benefits &
potential for professional growth.
Close to campus. Karen or Kate
857-0888.
