# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
Branner Hall announces the en
gagement of Miss Vee Miguel, as
sistant director of Branner, to
Bernard Bicoy, a member of the
Hawaiian House of Representa
tives.
