# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
"The Occident," U.C. literary
magazine, lias suspended publica
i tion.
