# ALPHA DELTA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Keith Gledhill, '32. \
