# DINK HIGH JUMPS, COLLECTS $5 BET, CONFOUNDS CRITICS
## 
### 
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
With $5 and his reputation
staked upon it, Dapper Dink
Templeton yesterday cleared
5 feet 2 inches in the high
jump, and with one majestic
leap confounded his critics,
and collected his wager from
Herb Fleishhacker.
li seems that Fleishhacker,
doubting his mentor's ability
to regain his form in the high
jump upon such short notice,
had wagered the magnificent
sum of $5 upon Dinks' ability
to propel himself over a bar
suspended 5 feet 2 inches from
the ground. Templeton took
the wager, and donned a track
suit.
The bar was set at 5 feet,
and the Boy Coach took eight
jumps before clearing the
height. While all and sundry
gathered about, the bar was
raised to the required dis
tance. Measuring the bar with
a practiced eye, Dink swept
down the take-off and over the
bar. Muchly chagrined, big
Herb lumbered off to tlie shot
put pit, while Dink's cocky
challenge to double the bet
for two inches higher went un
answered.
