# Coward Play Cycle Scores In S.F. Debut
## 
### 
Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

Noel Coward's cycle of nine shoi-t
plays, "Tonight at 8:110," playing at
the Curran in San Francisco, is di
vided into three groups, each to
provide an evening's good enter
tainment.
Estelle Winwood, Bramwell

Fletcher, Helen
Chandler, and
guest artist Mary
Astor are head
liners for the
whole series.
Miss Winwood's
acting is unpar
alleled throughout
the evening, de
spite Miss Actor's

leaa in otiii L.ue.
In "Family Album," Coward gives
his audience the best of comedy in
a setting of doubtful sadness caused
by the demise of the family patri
arch. The curtain opens on a family
tableau, with conversation that
wanders from father hovering over
the trees somewhere to more frivo
lous subjects. It is jerked back rap
idly by sister Lavina Featherway
(Winwood) into some vein like the
question of poor dead father's abil
ity to see squirrels from heaven.
Here sister-in-law Jane commented
that "Not seeing squirrels is one of
the minor disadvantages of dying."
On the completion of the second
bottle of Madeira, Lavina, hereto
fore the most ardent mourner, takes
the bull by the horns with "To Hell
with Father," and rapidly confesses
destroying her father's last will
which left all the money to his mis
tresses.
Well produced, well acted, and
containing tremendous lines, "Fam
ily Album" alone is worth the price
of an evening's entertainment.
In "Still Life," Miss Astor's more
or less dramatic love is eclipsed by
the humorous affair of Miss Win
wood and the gate-man at a railroad
station.
This "slap and tickle" love is hard
ly enough to make the play success
ful after the previous comedy. Al
bert Godby, gate-man and gentle
man, is expertly played by Claud
Allister.
"Hands Across the Sea," a typical
drawing-room comedy, leaves the
audience in tears. It is created
around the most amusing situations
I have ever seen.
Miss Winwood, wife and hostess,
invites the Rawlingsons for cocktails
with a few other people. The Rawl
ingsons are from the Malay Penin
sula and great discussion is neces
sary to decide if they are to go
down to the country for the week
end. Winwood expresses her horrof
for seeing guests huddled in uncom
fortable little groups and her hus
band replies that "the number of
uncomfortable little groups three
people can huddle in is practically
negligible."
The callers come. Eventually the
Rawlingsons phone to say they can't
come.
This is disarming, because two
people already there are being en
tertained as the absent Rawlingsons.
Self-conscious introductions are
made as the pseudo-Rawlingsons
leave.
A stupendous comedy, with roles
excellently portrayed by each indi
vidual character, "Hands Across
the Sea" is best described in Cow
ard's own words, a comedy of bad
manners.
• —Bert Alward

