# MURAL LEAGUES
## 
### 
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
Intramural leagues, schedules, and
brackets will be posted tomorrow
afternoon, Manager Phil Klauber
announced yesterday. Football and
horseshoes competition will begin
Monday. Football drew 42 team
entries, volleyball 30, and horse
shoes 28. Golf entries will close to
morrow.
Richard Pressly, West - Frankfort,
111., scored 72 points in one game
in 1928.
