# Farm Sub-station Switches Switch
## 
### 
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
Increase in the amount of elec
tricity consumed on the campus has
necessitated the installation of a
new switch in the substation.
According to Schroder McDonnell,
superintendent of grounds, $1000 is
being expended on replacing the old
switch, which has become inade
quate with the growth of Stanford.
The electricity consumed on the
campus is purchased from the Pacific
Gas and Electric Company, and then
is run through the switch before it
is used in the various buildings on
the Farm.
