# HE HAD THE BUTTON
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Four-year-old Jimmy McKinney
suddenly developed deafness five
months ago. His parents tried all
kinds of recommended cures, includ
ing airplane rides, without improv
ing his hearing. Then they took him
to Central Emergency Hospital and
Dr. Edward Healy removed a button
from Jimmy's ear.
