# Activity Cards Issued to Men
## Mack Urges Frosh, Row to Sign Blanks 
### 
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
Twenty-five hundred cards, or
two apiece for every man on the
Row and all freshmen in Encina,
were issued yesterday by Men's Ac
tivities Files.
Jim Mack, chairman of the files,
urged all frosh and Row men to sign
their cards before Friday when they
will be collected. "Freshmen par
ticularly should sign if they want
to be in activities," said Mack.
Cards will be issued to all the
halls next Monday night at the
meeting of Interclub Council. The
committee will complete, registra
tion of all Row and frosh men by
Tuesday, and will sign all the Hall
men on cards by the end of the
week.
After all the cards have been
collected, filing will begin. The
completed men's files will probably
be presented to Ex Com for ap
proval on Oct. 29.
All campus women have signed
activities cards; these will be re
turned to the women's filing com
mittee by 2 o'clock today.
