# BOMBERS AT MANILA
## 
### 
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
MANILA, P.1., Oct. 16 (UP).—Six
long-range U. S. Navy patrol bomb
ers made a practice flight over
Manila last night, marking the first
such maneuver since arrival of the
planes from the United States.
