# Vaccination Slip Filing Nears End
## 
### 
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
Tuesday, Oct. 22, is the last day
for filing vaccination certificates
for the quarter without fine, ac
cording to the Registrar's office.
All new students and all old
students whose certificates have
expired must file a satisfactory
certificate of smallpox vaccination
in the office of the Registrar be
fore next Tuesday or pay a fine of
$2. This includes everyone attend
ing classes on campus. Students
are asked to file certificates
promptly.
