# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^V^ore
couples
come to
(larlv lr
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same tine quality Diamonds
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Cirhilc
J JEWELERS
533 Bryont Strent
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
