# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMITS graduates of Leland Stan
ford University presenting the
required Physics, Chemistry and
Biology.
INSTRUCTION by laboratory
methods throughout the course.
Small sections facilitate per
sonal contact of students and
instructor.
GRADUATE COURSES leading to
A.M. and Ph.D. also offered un
der direction of the Graduate
School of Cornell University.
Applications for admission are
preferably made not later than
June. Next session opens Septem
ber 30, 1918.
For information and catalogue
address The Dean,
CORNELL UNIVERSITY
MEDICAL COLLEGE
First Avenue and 28th Street,
Box 442, New York City.
TAL E. JONES
(Successor to J. W. Donaldson)
620 High St
MOTORCYCLES
BICYCLES
LARKIN'S
