# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Wallace Curtis, ex-'-6, is visiting
the campus for a few days. He has
been at the San Pedro naval training
station for the past six months and
now is at Mare Island. Curtis has
passed his examination for ensign,
second in the class, and is now await
ing orders to go to Annapolis, to
which station he has been highly
recommended. Curtis is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
