# Scope and Non-Sequences
## 
### DWIGHT MITCHELL 
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
Still another book just off the 1
press: "Ten Communities"; sixth
volume in a series which will even
tually comprise 24 volumes, entitled
"Social Studies." Authors of the lat
est volume are Professors Paul R.
Hanna, I. James Quillen, and Glad
ys L. Porter, all of the School of
Education.
"Ten Communities" is intended
primarily for intermediate grades
and is a study of 10 communities
presented in such a way, explained
Dr. Hanna, that not only is the mate
rial valuable in itself, but also a
method is presented which grade
school teachers and their pupils can
apply to studies of their own com
munities.
Plan of the entire series is to de
vote two volumes to each grade
through elementary and high schools.
First volume appeared three years
ago and two more are now in the
press. Professors Hanna and Quil
len are collaborating with various
others in the different volumes. Com
pletion of the entire series will re
quire several more years.
* * *
Last general social gathering of
Education students and faculty was

►an "at home" by Dean and Mrs. Ke
fauver, 678 Mirada Street, Sunday, 4
to 6 o'clock.
* * *
Miss Marie Bender, assistant sec
retary in the School of Education,
will be married Sept. 6 to Dr. Frank
Leyda, research chemist with the
Standard Oil Company at Berkeley.
Dr. Leyda was granted the Ph.D. de
gree in chemistry at Stanford in 1939.
The couple will live in Berkeley.
♦ * *
Between furious tapping of type
writer keys and final conning over
notes for final exams, School of Edu
cation students are giving a thought
now and then to the packing of
trunks and tanking up the old bus
for departure from the quiet and
inspiring atmosphere of Stanford,
back to another year's teaching. Yes,
it's the last week, and the summer
session of 1940 passes into history.
