# Musicians Plan Community Sing
## 
### 
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
Students in the Division of Music
and the members of the choir will
combine for a musical party Thurs
day night in the Women's Clubhouse.
All students interested in an eve
ning of social music are invited to
attend. An orchestra will be on
hand and members of the class in
Music Education will conduct songs
and musical games.
