# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tiif. c >uuiuittee on track athletics
wnrgo to tlie city on Saturday
morning to complete the arrange
ments for tbe intercollegiate field
day to be held on tbe 22nd inst.
Their mission is au important one,
and each step should be well consid
ered before taken. Tbe selection,of
good officers will aid materially in
making tbe fi-ld day a success, but
otherwise extreme dissatisfaction on
both sides can be the only result.
Tiif. c >uuiuittee on track athletics
wnrgo to tlie city on Saturday
morning to complete the arrange
ments for tbe intercollegiate field
day to be held on tbe 22nd inst.
Their mission is au important one,
and each step should be well consid
ered before taken. Tbe selection,of
good officers will aid materially in
making tbe fi-ld day a success, but
otherwise extreme dissatisfaction on
both sides can be the only result.
