# The 						Mausoleum Open.
## 
### 
The mausoleum will Ids open fora
slioit time to-morrotv in the fore
noon and afternoon in order that
necessary repairs may be made. The
interior of this costly building is
said to be even more beautiful than
its exterior While no one will be
allowed to enter the doors, an op
portunity will be given those who
wish to view the beauty of the mar
ble interior from the doorway.
The mausoleum will Ids open fora
slioit time to-morrotv in the fore
noon and afternoon in order that
necessary repairs may be made. The
interior of this costly building is
said to be even more beautiful than
its exterior While no one will be
allowed to enter the doors, an op
portunity will be given those who
wish to view the beauty of the mar
ble interior from the doorway.
