# Der 						Daily In Stuttgart
## 
### 
The Peninsula's Only Morn
ing Newspaper has done it
again!
Adding to its long list of
"scoops" and journalistic tri
umphs, The Stanford Daily, be
ginning in June, will become
the first college newspaper in
the country to send its own
foreign correspondents to Eu
rope.
Proving again the natural su
periority of those Stanford stu
dents who frequent the little
shack with the red door, three
Daily staff members and a
Daily photographer have been
selected in the first group to
go to Stuttgart.
The history â–  making quartet
are Steve Freidberg, wire edi
tor; David Quarles, wire edi
tor; Mike Seal, reporter; and
Dave Evans, photographer.
Former Daily reporter Smed
Ambler also will make the
jaunt. i
So watch for those foreign
datelines in The Stanford
Daily!
