# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Haga (P\o. 45, 200 lbs., 6-5,
20-year-old junior from Fair
Oaks) was a regular on Ihe
squad last season when he led
tho squad in rebounds and was
the third high scorer. He plays
mostly at forward but also will
bo seen a; the center position.
SI ill growing, he is expected to
be Stanford's top man off the
boards. Last year he averaged
only two fouls per game. Ma
jor: electrical engineering.

Carter (No. 21, 178 lbs., 5-11,
19-year-old sophomore from
Redding) is a transfer from
Menlo College. A hustler with
teremndous scoring potential,
he needs more experience to
improve his defense and pass
ing. He is one of the hardest
drivers seen on the Stanford
court in recent years. He is
having some adjustments to
make but this should work out.
Major: social science.

("Know Vour Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DICK HAGA
Forward, Center


KENT CARTER
Guard
