# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
Isolation Hospital: Philip
Huyek, Malcolm MacNaughton,
Wiiliam Phillips.
Men's Rest Home: Robert Har
vey, John Keefe, Neal Salisian.
Palo Alto Hospital: Judith Mai
ynn, Donald Mungai, Sidney Ya
kowitz.
Womens' Rest Home: Carolyn
Baker, Nancy Black, Louise Ed
munds, Michael Waterman.
