# President Urges Support of WUS
## 
### 
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
President Sterling yesterday
urged Stanford students to
support the Winter Drive for
WUS. He said:
"The generosity of individual
citizens in responding to the
needs of their fellow men,
whatever their race, color or
nationality, is a well - known
characteristic of Americans. It
has often been a telling factor
when loftier gestures were mis
understood or not appreciated
by other countries.
"I think, therefore, that the
World University Service, a
charity supported by American
students for students in other
lands, is effective both as a hu
manitarian undertaking and a
contribution to international
goodwill.
"The World University Serv
ice drive for funds, in its sixth
year at Stanford, is being con
ducted on the campus this
week. I hope that the Univer
sity community will recognize
the merit and need of this drive
for funds to assist foreign stu
dents in areas of health, hous
ing and supplies, and give as
generously as each person's
means permit.
