# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
The Summer Weekly will
publish every Thursday of
Summer Quarter through
August 9.
Deadlines for all publicity
and Onee Around the Quad
Material are Friday at 5:00
for material to be used the
following Thursday. Infor
mation may be placed on the
hooks at the Daily Shock.
