# SU Players to Open Friday
## 
### 
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
The Stanford Players have
scheduled a contemporary theatre
workshop to run from June 29
through August 14.
Six plays are to be performed in
the Little Theatre, and in a spe
cially designed outdoor ‘theater
in-the-round’ in which the audi
ence rings the complete stage.
Season tickets are priced at
$7.50, less student reductions.
