# U.S. Govt. Aids IIR Book Drive
## 
### 
A $20,000 contract between the
United States Agency for Inter
national Development (AID) and
the Stanford University “Books
for Africa” program is in its final
stages, Washington authorities
announced.
The funds will send nearly 100,-
000 badly needed text books and
collateral readers to secondary
schools and teacher-training col
leges in Kenya, Uganda, Tangan
yika and Zanzibar.
The books were collected from
high schools all over California
during a year and a half long
campaign by the Institute of In
ternational Relations. The Books
were first stored in a San Bruno
warehouse loaned by the U.S.
Navy, and subsequently trans
ferred to the Whisman School on
Stierlin Road in Mountain View.
They will be returned for packing
and shipping to the campus.
After assuring AID that the
University would guarantee the
start of the books on their long
journey, University officials ap
pointed Prof. Paul R. Hanna,
holder of the Lee L. Jacks profes
sorship of child education, to su
pervise the project. Dr. Hanna Is
a ten year veteran of contract
work with the International Co
operation Administration, AID’S
predecessor in the Philippines.
Dr. Peter Duignan, curator of
the Hoover Institution’s Africa
Collection, will inspect the ship
ments so that the Africans wlil
receive the best books available.
The contract signing brings an
end to the long work of Jim Haas,
student chairman of the “Books
for Africa” drive, and some 25
students to get the books to
Africa.
