# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Attention is called to the an
nouncement of Professor Powers in
another column, discontinuing the
course in the Evolution of Institu
tions. The press of work, the ex
traordinary size of his classes, due
to the great interest manifested in
Economic study during a campaign
year, and the fact that many of the
courses were new in form and sub
stance, has forced Professor Powers,
in obedience to his physician's or
ders, to drop the course affecting
the least number of students. It
is to be hoped that Professor Powers
can continue the remainder of his
valuable courses without further
impairing his health.
Attention is called to the an
nouncement of Professor Powers in
another column, discontinuing the
course in the Evolution of Institu
tions. The press of work, the ex
traordinary size of his classes, due
to the great interest manifested in
Economic study during a campaign
year, and the fact that many of the
courses were new in form and sub
stance, has forced Professor Powers,
in obedience to his physician's or
ders, to drop the course affecting
the least number of students. It
is to be hoped that Professor Powers
can continue the remainder of his
valuable courses without further
impairing his health.
Attention is called to the an
nouncement of Professor Powers in
another column, discontinuing the
course in the Evolution of Institu
tions. The press of work, the ex
traordinary size of his classes, due
to the great interest manifested in
Economic study during a campaign
year, and the fact that many of the
courses were new in form and sub
stance, has forced Professor Powers,
in obedience to his physician's or
ders, to drop the course affecting
the least number of students. It
is to be hoped that Professor Powers
can continue the remainder of his
valuable courses without further
impairing his health.
Attention is called to the an
nouncement of Professor Powers in
another column, discontinuing the
course in the Evolution of Institu
tions. The press of work, the ex
traordinary size of his classes, due
to the great interest manifested in
Economic study during a campaign
year, and the fact that many of the
courses were new in form and sub
stance, has forced Professor Powers,
in obedience to his physician's or
ders, to drop the course affecting
the least number of students. It
is to be hoped that Professor Powers
can continue the remainder of his
valuable courses without further
impairing his health.
