# Untitled Article
## 
### 
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
T. C. Henry, ex-'lO, died last Satur
day in Monrovia, after a sickness of
ten months. Henry was a Varsity ten
nis man and a member of Delta Kappa
Epsilon.
