# Kilters travel to Berkeley tournament
## 
### JOHN LIS 
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
The Stanford women's field hockey
team travels across the Bay to UC-
Berkeley this weekend for the California
Invitational. Seven teams are in the two
bracket tournament — No. 11 ranked Stan
ford, No. 7 San lose State, University of
the Pacific, Chico State, Long Beach
State, Simon Fraser (British Columbia),
and the host No. 12 Bears.
Stanford is in a bracket with Chico
State, Simon Fraser and San lose State.

The teams will play round-robin within
the bracket today and tomorrow. The
first, second and third place teams in
each bracket will then play the
respective finisher in the other bracket
Sunday for the overall first, third and
fifth places.
The Cardinal stands to play four con
tests this weekend. Against teams in its
own bracket, Stanford has two victories
against Chico State, but has lost three

times to San Jose State. The Cardinal has
not faced Simon Fraser this year.
Stanford, 7-6 this season moved up a
notch from last week in the NCAA Field
Hockey Poll to No. 11. The Cardinal
defeated UOP last Saturday, 2-0, but lost
to the Spartans last Thursday, 4-1. The
Cardinal has two scheduled games
remaining after this weekend, facing Cal
away next Saturday and hosting long
Beach State Nov. 2 in its final home
game.
