# '96 Meeting.
## 
### 
The Juni< rs met in ti e chapel yester
day at 1:30, President Field in the chair*
The nomination of officers resulted as
follows: For president, Guy Cochran
and Geo. Toombs; for lirst vico-presi
dent, Anfenger; second vice-president,
Geo. H. Wilson; secretary, Nello
Johnson; treasurer, F. W. Morrison,
D. M. Salisbury; historian, Cram; foot
oall manager, Kaufman; baseball man
ager, N. J>. lioper; sergeant-at-arms,
Field.
11. Reynolds moved that the office of
track captain he created in order that
'9G should be represented in the com
ing inter-class fieid-duys; motion car
ried. Kuowics and 11. Reynolds were
nominated for the office. A lively dis
cussion then followed on Johnson's mo
tiou that a committee of three be ap
pointed to investigate the proposed op
era, which was to be given by the man
ager of the Quad; motion finally lost.
Meeting adjourned.
