# Nestorian.
## 
### 
At the ureetinir of the Nestorian Lit
erary Society last Saturday evening, the
following officers were elected: It. K
McDonnell, '00, president; C. 11. I'ar
cell, '95, vice-president; and F. I.
Burchau), '97, secretary and treasurer.
At the ureetinir of the Nestorian Lit
erary Society last Saturday evening, the
following officers were elected: It. K
McDonnell, '00, president; C. 11. I'ar
cell, '95, vice-president; and F. I.
Burchau), '97, secretary and treasurer.
At the ureetinir of the Nestorian Lit
erary Society last Saturday evening, the
following officers were elected: It. K
McDonnell, '00, president; C. 11. I'ar
cell, '95, vice-president; and F. I.
Burchau), '97, secretary and treasurer.
At the ureetinir of the Nestorian Lit
erary Society last Saturday evening, the
following officers were elected: It. K
McDonnell, '00, president; C. 11. I'ar
cell, '95, vice-president; and F. I.
Burchau), '97, secretary and treasurer.
