# Medical Alumni Plan Friday Tours
## 
### 
Stanford Medical School alumni
will gather Friday at the Medical
School for a full day of home
coming activities.
From 8:30 to 9:30 a.m. and
from 2:30 to 4 p.m. they will be
conducted on tours of the hospi
tal and laboratories.

From 9:30 to 11:45 a.m. “grand
rounds” will be offered in medi
cine, pediatrics and surgery with
Drs. Halstead R. Holman and Roy
Cohn in charge.
From 12 to 12:30 p.m. Dr. Clif
ford B. Cherry will preside at the
annual general meeting of the
Medical Alumni Association.

From 1 to 2:30 p.m. alumni will
lunch in the Rose Room of Rick
ey’s Studio Inn.

In the evening, beginning at 7
p.m., the doctors and their wives
will gather for cocktails, dinner
and dancing in the Rose Room of
the Sheraton-Palace Hotel, San
Francisco.
