# Russians Agree to Test Ban Talks
## 
### 
MOSCOW (UPI) The Soviet
Union yesterday accepted a U.S.-
British invitation to resume nego
tiations for a nuclear test ban un
der terms that left little hope for
agreement.
Soviet Foreign Ministry notes

delivered to the U.S. and British
embassies said the Russians had
agreed to resume the Three-Power
talks in Geneva on Nov. 28—the
date proposed by Washington and
London in a note of Nov. 13.

But the Soviets posed conditions
that foreign observers said could
paralyze the new round of the test
ban conference almost from the
start.

One condi"pn was that the Rus
sians reserve 1 the right to test
nuclear weapons if “any power”
does iso while the talks are in
progress.

It was not clear from the ambig
uous wording of the Soviet note
whether this stipulation also ap
plied to France, which is not rep
resented at the Geneva talks but
which has conducted nuclear tests
in the Sahara.
