# Daily Yields To Turkey
## 
### 
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
The Daily will not appear to
morrow or Friday because of
Thanksgiving vacation. How
ever, Bob Sayler will lend you
his Chronicle.
