# Wrestlers begin season
## 
### Tyson Vaughan Editorial staff 
After last year's season of
unprecedented success,
Stanford's wrestling team
hopes to begin an even bet
ter year today.
The team finished with a
10-4-0 dual meet record last
year and was ranked No. 21
in the nation. The Cardinal
also won three tournaments.
Tonight in Burnham
Pavilion, the wrestlers face
Cal Poly-SLO, a traditional
ly strong opponent that is
itching for revenge. Last
year the Cardinal defeated
the Mustangs for the first
time in 33 years, and the
'Stangs are determined to
spark another streak.
Coach Chris Horpel
expects his team will come
up with the dual meet victo
ry, however.
"This year, I think we are
better," he said. "We could
finish in the top-10.
One thing in the team's
favor is the fact that the
Pacific 10 Conference
Championships will be held
on the Farm on Feb. 23-24,
1991. The Pac-10'8 team to
beat is Arizona State. The
Sun Devils have finished in
the NCAA's top-two the last
three years.
