# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
mistakenly identified a statue
vandalized with paint pellets. The
statue is "Gay Liberation," by
George Segal.
