# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.

Associated Press
Elect Lech
A man reads Lech Walesa's election poster on Warsaw's main
street yesterday. Solidarity leader Walesa Is one of the main
candidates In the upcoming presidential elections In Poland,
which will take place Nov. 25.
