# Miss Fit â€“ The frustrations of sustaining a healthy lifestyle on a college campus
## 
### ERICA MORGAN '11 
I am not a physiology or nutrition
expert, nor am I an "athlete." I
would like to begin with this dis
claimer to dispel any notion that I
am attempting to market myself as
such. I am simply your average
twenty-something female who de
veloped a passion for health and a
penchant for clean eating. My ad
ventures in the fitness world have
been hindered by obstacles ranging
from my own ignorance to misinfor
mation, from prejudices to dining
hall inflexibilities and from social
pressures to the strains of college
life. I emerge from these road
blocks at a high level of personal

physical condition with the expecta
tion of continuing to improve my
health and athleticism. As I become
conscious of the extreme impor
tance of fitness in sustaining a
happy and (somewhat) sane college
life I'm compelled to share a few in
sights that may be useful to my non
athlete peers seeking fitness infor
mation. This week's tidbit is: Com
mon roadblocks to achieving fitness
goals in the college setting.
1. Apathy
Exercise and diet did not feature
prominently in my thoughts during
the high school/college transition.
I'm sure there were some fitness afi

cionados among the throngs of
freshmen, but those of us not on a
Stanford sports roster likely had lit
tle concern with healthy dining op
tions and navigating athletic facili
ties. We were busy being bombard
ed with hundreds of new faces,
classes, a cappella groups, parties
and profound late-night bonding
sessions. Who in her right mind
leaps out of bed for a jaunt around
campus loop before that 9 a.m.
Spanish class after a Wednesday
night spent chugging wine and gorg
ing on delicious cheeses?
