# Physiology Club Has Jolly-Up.
## 
### 
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
By far the largest crowd that ever
attended a Physiology Club function,
assembled at the Sigma Chi house last
Friday night. About eighty people
were present. Refreshments and the
"stunts" given by each class were a
decided success.
