# Nestoria Invites Underclassmen.
## 
### 
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
Tomorrow evening the members of
Nestoria will discuss the various
phases of the recall question for the
benefit of the underclassmen who as
pire to places on the Sophomore—
Freshman debating teams. All mem
bers of the younger classes are es
pecially invited to the meeting. It
will be held in room 228, at 7:30. In
addition to the regular debate F. 13.
Belcher, '1?., will tell of his trip to
the Orient during the summer months.
