# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
I Jrerxy Jfvo,.
j _ T v #. H . ■ %!.'
Delightful large hats
for campus wear, hav
ing distinction and in
_ ,
dividuality.
[fSv® dcfpuisifron/
\l* j rpdSonablu
pr'cpct-l
