# Women's Swimming Teams to Meet Tomorrow Noon
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
There will be a meeting of all the
members of the women's all-star and
class swimming teams at the Women's
Club House Friday at 1 o'clock. The
purpose of the meeting is to elect a
manager for the coming year, and
everyone is asked to be present.
