# JUNIOR CLASS ELECTS CORBY '22 PRESIDENT
## 
### 
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
At a junior class meeting today the
following officers were named for next
year: President, Grant Corby; vicc
president, Bertha Vaughan; treasurer,
Carey Bailard; secretary, H. S. Titus.
The nominations for these offices were
closely contested, exccpt the office of
secretary, which was filled on a white
ballot. No other business was trans
acted at the meeting.
