# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
Midweek seems like a
good time to reiterate
our mention of Clark
Desert Boots, perhaps
one of the most popu
lar footwear items
around. And for good
reason. Brushed buck
uppers resist scuffing,
don’t show dirt. Cush
ioned rubber soles for
easy walking. High
cut keeps out pebbles.
All this, mind you, for
only a modest 12.95
the pair. Slip into
some today.
ROOS/ATKINS
