# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
fl
Writing home for
money for clothes
would be easy if dad
could only see how far
his money would go
toward keeping the
wardrobe smart with
new things from . . .
119 University Ave.
