# Three Cal Captains Fail to Win Block
## 
### 
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
With Bob Fowler out for the sea
son with a bad foot, the third Bear
track captain in as many years will
go through his season as leader of
the Bear forces without getting his
letter.
Lyle Reynolds, 1934 captain and
half-miler, failed to place in Con
ference meets, as did Dick Coe, who
went unplaced in the hurdles last
year while acting as the Berkeley
leader.
