# Dr. Steindorff Will Lecture.
## 
### 
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
I)r. George Steindorff, of the
University of Leipzig, will lecture
ill the chapel at 1:30 tomorrow at
the invitation of the committee on
the History of Religion. His sub
ject will be "The Life after Death,
According to the Belief of the
Egyptians."
Dr. Steindorff is one of the lead
ing Egyptologists of the world,
having directed a number of expe
ditions into the interior of Egypt.
He has made some very important
discoveries by his own excavations,
chiefiy at the temple of Ammon,
famous as having been visited by
Alexander the Great. The fact
that the speaker will lecture from
his personal experiences should
make his talk doubly interesting.
