# Weather:
## 
### 
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
Variable high clouds through tomorrow but
mostly sunny days. Lows in the upper 30s and
40s. Highs in the upper 50s to mid 60s. Light
winds.
