# Lil' Indian Braves Cold for Classes
## 
### 
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
The LiP Indian woke up in his
tcpcc at 7:58 yesterday morning
and slipped on his new white sad
dle shoes with the reclaimed rub
ber soles. Finding his aquarium
frozen, lie looked at the ther
mometer and saw "2:» degrees—
Alaskan, Russian, and Florida's
average summer temperature.''
Naturally it was too cold for an 8
o'clock, but LiT Indian put on his
parka and whipped his dog team
up to the Quad.
