# Stanford Players to Show Movie
## 
### 
The Stanford Players will present
the motion picture, "One Third of a
Nation," Friday night at 8:15 in Me
morial Hall. Although there is no
charge, those wishing to attend must
obtain complimentary tickets from
the department secretary in Room
201 of Memorial Hall.
This picture, which is based on a
play successfully produced some
years ago by the Federal Theater,
boasts a cast headed by Sylvia Syd
ney and Lief Erickson and has a
special musical score composed by
Nathaniel Shildret.
The plot deals with the nation's

housing problem and its form is
somewhat similar to that of "The
March of Time" as the emphasis,
rather than being placed on a series
of events in the life of a character, is
placed upon the interesting events
in the development of an idea.
Through the plot, which is con
cerned with a girl who falls in love
with a wealthy man only to learn
that he is the owner of the slums
which are responsible for her bro
ther's death, the producers are able
to show the horrible slum conditions
which exist in many cities and are
undermining the nation's health.
