# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
Gifts That Last
Gift Diamonds
should be flawless —but more
than that they should have
real character.
A glance at our beautiful new
gems will convince the most
careful buyer that the values
are unusually good.
E. A. COCHRAN
/yflLuts
Iseivicp
122 University Ave.
