# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
Hoot, Mon!
Here we have those dis
tinctive new Scotch un
dcrthings for men—
Plaid Shorts
65c
Send a pair to your
Uncle Angus — or better
yet — try them yourself!
*
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 12-8 P.M.
