# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Dan Feek'y, '37.
