# Bobby and Wife Nabbed by Cop— House-Hunting
## 
### 
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
Bobby Grayson and his wife,
the former Christine Williams of
Honolulu, were given a "warm"
reception in Palo Alto yesterday
—by Motorcycle Policeman "Bob
bie" Fletcher.
The reception took place when
Grayson was arrested for doing
40 miles per hour in a residence
district.
Bobby and Christine, they told
the policeman, were house
hunting.
