# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## Willies in Golf Final 
### 


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)


TWO WILLIES, Goggin (left) of San Francisco and
Hunter (right) of Los Angeles squaring off in the
final round of the San Fiancisco open golf cham
pionship. (A.P. Photo)
