# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Dolly Margaret Hyatt
'39.
