# Professor Morris Returns from Trip
## 
### 
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
Professor Samuel B. Morris, ex
ecutive head of the civil engineer
ing department, returned yesterday
from a two weeks' trip east during
which he attended a number of
meetings of scientific and engineer
ing societies.
Last Wednesday he attended a
meeting in Washington of the Na
tional Resources Committee of the
Department of the Interior in his
capacity as a member of the Na
tional Water Policy Committee of
the American Water Works Asso
ciation.
