# Recital To Feature Brazilian Records
## 
### 
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
Novelty Brazilian recordings will
feature the weekly recorded recital
at 4:15 o'clock today in Room 84.
Other short Red Seal releases will
be played, including a set of Valky
rie transcriptions, selections from
La Boheme, and recordings of Ria
Ginster, soprano, Simon Barer,
pianist, and Eugene Ormandy's
symphony orchestra.
