# Contents
## 
### 
Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





Exit stage right;
stage left even
4 This week's staffers
will forever more
have the honor of being
the final laborers on vol
ume 206 A. See Opinions
for the fun-filled details.

That's the news,
and we're outta
here
tM We're outta here,
I \#but the Stanford
football team is just now
returning to practice for
the 1994 season. For a
preview, see our cover
story.

Closin' up shop
ASSU Legal
Counselor Jewel
Hudson's scholarly tips
help Stanford students
avoid various and
sundry disasters, such as
having to close up their
shops, stores, or other
establishments.

We've gone
fishin'
I#*Maybe, during
\#our vacation,
we'll go fishing, joining
the many baseball play
ers who are enjoying
their time off.

Make like a drum
and beat it
kid. Go
m away and listen
to the eclectic drum-beat
tunes of groups dis
cussed in this week's In
termission.





