# Meijer Talks on Red China Today
## 
### 
Dr. M. J. Meijer, Research Pro
fessor at the Far Eastern and Rus
sian Institute at the University of
Washington, will give a lecture
today in Tresidder in room 274-
275 at 4:15 p.m. on “A Recent
Visit to Communist China.”
Dr. Meijer, educated at Leyden
University, has served the Neth
erlands foreign service in Peking
and Tokyo. He once taught Chi
nese Language at Leyden Univer
sity and was later Curator of the
Sinological Institute at the Uni
versity of Indonesia.
Dr. Meijer is also giving a talk
sponsored by the Hoover Institute
tomorrow in Hoover’s Seminar
Lounge at 4:30 p.m, on “The Chi
nese Judiciary.”
