# Tresidder Art Exhibit to Open
## 
### 
Tresidder Memorial Union Cul
tural Arts Division announces the
November 17 opening of the First
Annual Student Art Show. The
exhibit will run through Decem
ber 3. This show will consist of
art works, both two- and three
dimensional, submitted by the un
dergraduate and graduate stu
students of the University.

The show is sponsored and set
up by Tresidder Union. It is not
limited to art students and ma
jors, but is open to all enrolled
students.

THE WORK to be shown will
be selected by Division members
from the material submitted.
Three best works will be chosen,
two from tlie two-dimensional
category and one from the three
dimensional. These will be pur
chased by the Union for its col
lection, which may be shown in
later years as a display of prize
winning student art from Union
exhibits.

The judging of the works will
be done by a jury consisting of
Art Department faculty, Division
members, and The Daily art crit
ic. The judging will take place
about a week after the exhibit
starts.

THE CULTURAL Aits Division
requests that works be malted or
framed, and preferably fitted for
hanging and that works be turned
in at tho Information Center at
Tresidder by 6 p.m. on Monday,
November 12. Students are not
limited to one entry or category.
The division will reserve the right
to select works to be shown.
Sculptures or paintings of unusu
ally large size are likely to be
eliminated.

Any inquiries should be direct
ed to Jan Cuthbertson. or Piric
Gall.

It is emphasized that this is not
a professional art show, but a
student show, and all students,
regardless of previous art experi
ence, are urged to submit their
work.
