# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The present Legislature has under
consideration several bills the pas
sage of which is designed to benefit
the University of California, as well
as the bill to exempt Stanford Uni
versity from taxation. It is a com
mendable fact that the champions
of the Stanford measure are willing
to do all in their power to aid the
bills proposed by the friends of the
State University, and on the other
hand, that the representatives of the
latter institution are equally zeal
ous to promote the passage of the
measure favorable to Stanford.
Such harmonious action of the two
great universities is surely for the
best interest of both parties. In
this connection we are pleased to

note that the Students' Congress at
Berkeley will at its next meeting
discuss the merits of the bill ex
empting this University from taxa
tion.
