# HERE AND THERE WITH THE NEWS CAMERA
## STORM CUTS OFF HAMLET FROM OUTSIDE WORLD 
### 

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.

Airplane view of Leevining, Cal., one of the villages in the Mono basin isolated 15 days by huge
snowfalls. Tractors broke through with provisions shortly after an Associated Press cameraman and his
pilot flew over this stormbound settlement of 250 residents.
