# Japan Apologizes
## 
### 

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.

Formal apologies of the Japanese
government were conveyed to the
American consul general at Muk
den, Manchuria, for the attack by
three Japanese soldiers on Culver
Bryant Chamberlain (above), Unit
ed States consul stationed at
Harbin.
