# Today Ends Quad Row Photography
## 
### 
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
All members, including seniors, of
the last twelve campus fraternities,
alphabetically listed, will face the
camera today at Watson Studios
across the street from the Daily of
fice. Hours arc 9 to 12 and 1 to
o'clock.
Fraternities listed in today's Quad
schedule arc Phi Delta Theta, Phi
Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi
Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi,
Sigma Nil, Theta Chi, Theta Delta
Chi, Theta Xi and Zeta Psi.
Women belonging to campus so
rorities are slated to appear at the
studio tomorrow for a final chance
to have their Quad pictures taken,
while Wednesday has been set aside
for members of the seven eating
clubs.
Quad officials state that proofs of
all photographs taken last quarter
are now ready and should be called
for at the studio at once. Copies of
the Quad may be purchased at the
studio for $15.
