# AUSTRALIA GAMBLES
## 
### 
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
SYDNEY, Jan. 10. (/P) —Although f
money is scarce in Australia and s
unemployment is widespread, gam- ' f
bling never has been so rife. L
