# HE'S A WOLVERINE HOCKEY STAR
## 
### 

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.

Kenneth K. Crossman of Royal Oak, Mich., plays center on tha
University of Michigan's hockey sextet, which is expected to put up a
strong defense of its Big Ten title. In early season games Crossman
won high respect of opponents on Canadian teams.
