# Farm Physicists Meet With National Society
## 
### 
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
Three members of the Stanford
physics department are taking part
in the proceedings of the American
Physical Society today, tomorrow,
and Saturday at the University of
California.
