# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
The class of '51 defeated '50 in
the first Frosh-Sophomore Jamoree
in 15)48.
