# Foreign Students Will Tour Company
## 
### 
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
Arrangements for an industrial
tour for foreign students next
Thursday have been made by for
eign students' counselor W. M. Wa
terous. The trip will be a tour
through the Permanente Cement
Company, a few miles outside of
San Jose.
Students will meet in front of the
Hoover Tower at 1 p.m. All those
wishing to attend must sign up in
Mr. Waterous' office in Temporary
Building B, room 24, by noon this
Saturday.
