# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
Dr. Jordan will meet all Upperelass
men tomorrow at 4 o'clock in the
Chapel.
