# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
No Cpperclassman should fail to
hear Dr. Jordan in the Chapel tomor
row at 4 o'clock.
