# Gym Club Elects.
## 
### 
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
The Stanford Gym Club held its reg
ular meeting last evening at which
time E. li. Knollin and It. W. Olmsted
were elected l<> membership. Among
other things it.was decided that the
annual spring exhibition, in which all
the membnrs will participate, should
be held on Thursday evening, April 2S.
