# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
Our heartiest congratulations to the
members of the 1910 Varsity baseball
nine, the Lagunita crew and the
Freshman four. They all combined to
make Saturday the most wonderful of
days. It is our belief that the men
who rowed in the eight earned Var
sity emblems, and we hope that the
Executive Committee may grant them
the "S."
