# Commencement speaker on KZSU
## Maynard: Education beats drugs 
### Eric Young Senior staff writer 
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
Robert Maynard, editor and
president of The Tribune of
Oakland and this year's Com
mencement speaker, said in a
KZSU interview last night that
improving education is the key
factor in combating drug abuse
in the United States
Speaking from his Oakland
home in a relaxed conversation,
Maynard said the Reagan ad
ministration's "Just Say No"
campaign fails to understand
what fuels the problem of drug
addiction.
Maynard, the first black

owner of a major metropolitan
newspaper and a nationally syn
dicated columnist, called on the
next president to place high on
the "national agenda" an inves
tigation into the "question of
why people risk their lives [for
drugs]."
"We need to find out what it
is in our times that creates a
yearning for drugs," he added.
Referring to the upcoming
presidential elelctions, Maynard
said the Rev. Jesse Jackson's
candidacy has inspired many
previously apolitical minorities
to pay attention to national
politics.

He cited the deep South as a
place where Jackson's "grass
roots" campaign has caused a
"great upsurge of interest" in
politics.
Maynard, who has worked to
improve coverage and circula
tion at The Tribune, said news
papers "have to be a lot
smarter" today.
Newspapers cannot afford to
"become fat, complacent and sit
on their laurels" and must be
come "sharper and sharper," he
said, because television news is
a fierce competitor.
He also said it is vital that
the print media increase its cov
erage of local communities.
