# SAVED FROM BOILING
## 
### 
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 19 (U.R).—A
trembling Negress and her daughter,
11, were hidden by police today to
protect them from being "sacrificed
to Allah" in a 20-gallon pot of boil
ing water.
