# CHINESE ELECTIONS
## 
### 
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
New officers for the present quar
ter were elected by the Chinese
Club last week. They are Delbert
Wong, president; George Leong,
vice-president; and Leila Ding, sec
retary.
