# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
VVe're lucky to be here in
school,
And our cars and our coupons
we pool—
To operate
Co-operate
And abide by the Golden Rule!
Stanford Union
