# RECREATION OFFICER
## 
### 
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Lieut. Fred Frankhouse, former
pitcher for the Cardinals, Braves,
Dodders, and Cubs, is the recreation
officer at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
