# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The proposed action of the inter
society debating league in postpon
ing the selection of the debaters on
the inter-collegiate until next semes
ter may be politic, but it seems un
wise. The speakers must be selected
from the available material presented
at the earliest opportunity, iu ordtr
that an adequate preparation for the
annual contest may be had Last
year there was not enough time be
tween the {ioal choice of the speak
ers and the great contest itself; the
preparation must needs have been a
little superficial. To obviate this,
the men and subject for debate
should, if possible, be chosen during
the first semester so that the respect
ive participants might have the nd
Mintages of the Christmas vaca'ion
for their investigations.
