# Sophomores Preparing for Rush.
## 
### 
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
The Sophomore Class held a meeting
today to discuss plans for the annual
battle with the Freshmen, which is to
he waged on the football field tomor
row afternoon. A council of war, com
posed of W. M. Argabrite, H. C. Boyd,
J. J. Miller, and H. A. Williams, was
appointed to plan the attack and make
all the preliminary arrangements. All
the Sophmore warriors are ordered to
appear in battle array on the Encina
tennis courts at 3 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon to receive their final in
structions before the fray.
