# CHILE, JAPAN AT WAR
## 
### 
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
SANTIAGO, Chile, April 5 (UP). —
The Chilean Senate today unani
mously approved a declaration of
war on Japan after a secret three-
Hour meeting.
