# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
The Texas annexation resolution
provides that, with consent of the j
Lone Star State, Texas may be di
vided into five states at any time. j
