# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.

By United Press
The horizontal approach is best
for mopping up German resistance
in villages between the Allies and
Berlin.
