# Rev. B.E. Howard.
## 
### 
The Sunday sermon will be de
livered by Rev. Hurt Estis Howard
of Los Angeles, lie v. Howard is
one of the most eloquent speakers
in the State. His sermons on the
subject of Good Citizenship, in
which he is especially interested,
have received much notice. Rev.
Howard is now the pastor of an in
dependent congregation in Los An
geles.
The Sunday sermon will be de
livered by Rev. Hurt Estis Howard
of Los Angeles, lie v. Howard is
one of the most eloquent speakers
in the State. His sermons on the
subject of Good Citizenship, in
which he is especially interested,
have received much notice. Rev.
Howard is now the pastor of an in
dependent congregation in Los An
geles.
The Sunday sermon will be de
livered by Rev. Hurt Estis Howard
of Los Angeles, lie v. Howard is
one of the most eloquent speakers
in the State. His sermons on the
subject of Good Citizenship, in
which he is especially interested,
have received much notice. Rev.
Howard is now the pastor of an in
dependent congregation in Los An
geles.
The Sunday sermon will be de
livered by Rev. Hurt Estis Howard
of Los Angeles, lie v. Howard is
one of the most eloquent speakers
in the State. His sermons on the
subject of Good Citizenship, in
which he is especially interested,
have received much notice. Rev.
Howard is now the pastor of an in
dependent congregation in Los An
geles.
The Sunday sermon will be de
livered by Rev. Hurt Estis Howard
of Los Angeles, lie v. Howard is
one of the most eloquent speakers
in the State. His sermons on the
subject of Good Citizenship, in
which he is especially interested,
have received much notice. Rev.
Howard is now the pastor of an in
dependent congregation in Los An
geles.
