# Volleyball Tourney On
## 
### 
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
"Women's volleyball intramural
tournament will be held Tuesday
and Wednesday evening," announced
Mrs. Fenner, the faculty adviser.
Captains of the teams have already
been assigned to either the Tues
day or the Wednesday leagues. The
winning team of each evening will
play the other at a later date.
Each women's living unit on cam-
Stanford Village will be represent
ed by its own volleyball team.
Catherine Olilandt, volleyball in
tramurals manager, has invited all
students to come watch the games.
