# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.

DEAN JOHN DODDS. chairman
of editorial hoard for THE
PACIFIC SPECTATOR.
