# Alaskans Vote; Favor Statehood
## 
### 
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Oct. 7 (UP). —
Alaskan voters will go to the polls
tomorrow in a general election to
decide the question of statehood for
the territory, with speculation run
ning between two and three to one
that they will decide in favor of
becoming a state.
The statehood question over
shadowed the other questions of
delegates to Congress, members of
the Alaskan Legislature and the
appointment of a Treasurer and a
Commissioner of Labor.
Both Democratic and Republican
circles believed the Alaskans would
register a strong vote in favor of
statehood, with the main opposition
to the issue coming from older resi
dents among the territory's 40.000
whites and from big mining and
fishing interests in the north.
