# Yugoslav Flights Canceled by RAF
## 
### 
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
ROME. Oct. 7 (UP).—The Royal
Air Forcc continued to canccl all
courier flights across Cugoslav ter
ritory today despite the quick ac
tion by Marshal Tito's government
in releasing the RAF courier forced
by Yugoslav fighter planes to land
at Nish Friday.
The C-47, flying the Bucharest,
Roumania, to Bari, Italy, route, was
permitted to take off from Nish as
soon as weather allowed after the
British ambassador at Belgrade had
protested its being forced to land.
The Courier landed at Bari yester
day but RAF personnel there were
under instructions not to give de
tails of the incident.
British officials at Caserta said,
however, that none of the piano's
personnel were injured when the
Yugoslav planes forced it to land.
The announcement did not disclose
the plane's cargo nor whether it
carried passengers.
