# INTRA-MURAL RESULTS
## 
### 
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
Results for the intra-mural basket
ball games last night in Encina gym
are Legal Eagles, 20, with Jack Hart
well high point man having scored
14; and the Grizzlies, 18, with Jim
Phelan as high point man, scoring
nine.
