# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
Today
Two year* <go today the 25th
amendment to the U.S. Consti
tution became effective, ft deals
with Presidential disability.
Spiro who?
If it ever happens, don't call us
at The Daily news number
321-2300x4632.
Just give us the business at
327-4150.
