# Self-Esteem
## 
### 
A Diary
Monday
Been feeling depressed.
Tuesday
Been feeling more depressed. Lost
favorite rubber band. Crawled on
the ground for a few hours look
ing for it. Eventually I found a
squirrel who made faces at me
and got me crying.
Wednesday
Went to work. We were all crowd
ed into an elevator when it got
stuck between floors and sudden
ly poisonous gas started emitting
from above. In order to save the
life of the small child standing
next to me, I deeply inhaled all
the fumes and held my breath
until help came two hours later.
Deeply disappointed when I real
ized the small child was actually a
cardboard drawing advertising a
sale at Macy's.
Thursday
My mother came to visit and
started telling me how worthless
and stupid I am. Finally I just got

sick of it and said, "I'm not worth
less!" Which prompted her to
quip, "Then how come you have a
lousy job and eat tater tots all
night and haven't ever had a date
in your life?" To which I simply
nodded and went back to my
couch to ponder the question and
give it appropriate attention.
Friday
The plumbing under the sink in
my office's kitchen became
clogged just when lunch time hit.
The plumber forgot his tools so I
offered him my arm to use as an
exploratory. My arm got stuck in
there and for the rest of the day
people rinsed dishes and brushed
their teeth with my arm stuck in
the plumbing. At one point I
thought someone said Hi to me,
but it had actually just been a
sneeze on my face.
Saturday
Been feeling depressed. Wonder if
Wheel of Fortune is on.

A Diary
Monday
Been feeling depressed.
Tuesday
Been feeling more depressed. Lost
favorite rubber band. Crawled on
the ground for a few hours look
ing for it. Eventually I found a
squirrel who made faces at me
and got me crying.
Wednesday
Went to work. We were all crowd
ed into an elevator when it got
stuck between floors and sudden
ly poisonous gas started emitting
from above. In order to save the
life of the small child standing
next to me, I deeply inhaled all
the fumes and held my breath
until help came two hours later.
Deeply disappointed when I real
ized the small child was actually a
cardboard drawing advertising a
sale at Macy's.
Thursday
My mother came to visit and
started telling me how worthless
and stupid I am. Finally I just got

sick of it and said, "I'm not worth
less!" Which prompted her to
quip, "Then how come you have a
lousy job and eat tater tots all
night and haven't ever had a date
in your life?" To which I simply
nodded and went back to my
couch to ponder the question and
give it appropriate attention.
Friday
The plumbing under the sink in
my office's kitchen became
clogged just when lunch time hit.
The plumber forgot his tools so I
offered him my arm to use as an
exploratory. My arm got stuck in
there and for the rest of the day
people rinsed dishes and brushed
their teeth with my arm stuck in
the plumbing. At one point I
thought someone said Hi to me,
but it had actually just been a
sneeze on my face.
Saturday
Been feeling depressed. Wonder if
Wheel of Fortune is on.

A Diary
Monday
Been feeling depressed.
Tuesday
Been feeling more depressed. Lost
favorite rubber band. Crawled on
the ground for a few hours look
ing for it. Eventually I found a
squirrel who made faces at me
and got me crying.
Wednesday
Went to work. We were all crowd
ed into an elevator when it got
stuck between floors and sudden
ly poisonous gas started emitting
from above. In order to save the
life of the small child standing
next to me, I deeply inhaled all
the fumes and held my breath
until help came two hours later.
Deeply disappointed when I real
ized the small child was actually a
cardboard drawing advertising a
sale at Macy's.
Thursday
My mother came to visit and
started telling me how worthless
and stupid I am. Finally I just got

sick of it and said, "I'm not worth
less!" Which prompted her to
quip, "Then how come you have a
lousy job and eat tater tots all
night and haven't ever had a date
in your life?" To which I simply
nodded and went back to my
couch to ponder the question and
give it appropriate attention.
Friday
The plumbing under the sink in
my office's kitchen became
clogged just when lunch time hit.
The plumber forgot his tools so I
offered him my arm to use as an
exploratory. My arm got stuck in
there and for the rest of the day
people rinsed dishes and brushed
their teeth with my arm stuck in
the plumbing. At one point I
thought someone said Hi to me,
but it had actually just been a
sneeze on my face.
Saturday
Been feeling depressed. Wonder if
Wheel of Fortune is on.

A Diary
Monday
Been feeling depressed.
Tuesday
Been feeling more depressed. Lost
favorite rubber band. Crawled on
the ground for a few hours look
ing for it. Eventually I found a
squirrel who made faces at me
and got me crying.
Wednesday
Went to work. We were all crowd
ed into an elevator when it got
stuck between floors and sudden
ly poisonous gas started emitting
from above. In order to save the
life of the small child standing
next to me, I deeply inhaled all
the fumes and held my breath
until help came two hours later.
Deeply disappointed when I real
ized the small child was actually a
cardboard drawing advertising a
sale at Macy's.
Thursday
My mother came to visit and
started telling me how worthless
and stupid I am. Finally I just got

sick of it and said, "I'm not worth
less!" Which prompted her to
quip, "Then how come you have a
lousy job and eat tater tots all
night and haven't ever had a date
in your life?" To which I simply
nodded and went back to my
couch to ponder the question and
give it appropriate attention.
Friday
The plumbing under the sink in
my office's kitchen became
clogged just when lunch time hit.
The plumber forgot his tools so I
offered him my arm to use as an
exploratory. My arm got stuck in
there and for the rest of the day
people rinsed dishes and brushed
their teeth with my arm stuck in
the plumbing. At one point I
thought someone said Hi to me,
but it had actually just been a
sneeze on my face.
Saturday
Been feeling depressed. Wonder if
Wheel of Fortune is on.

A Diary
Monday
Been feeling depressed.
Tuesday
Been feeling more depressed. Lost
favorite rubber band. Crawled on
the ground for a few hours look
ing for it. Eventually I found a
squirrel who made faces at me
and got me crying.
Wednesday
Went to work. We were all crowd
ed into an elevator when it got
stuck between floors and sudden
ly poisonous gas started emitting
from above. In order to save the
life of the small child standing
next to me, I deeply inhaled all
the fumes and held my breath
until help came two hours later.
Deeply disappointed when I real
ized the small child was actually a
cardboard drawing advertising a
sale at Macy's.
Thursday
My mother came to visit and
started telling me how worthless
and stupid I am. Finally I just got

sick of it and said, "I'm not worth
less!" Which prompted her to
quip, "Then how come you have a
lousy job and eat tater tots all
night and haven't ever had a date
in your life?" To which I simply
nodded and went back to my
couch to ponder the question and
give it appropriate attention.
Friday
The plumbing under the sink in
my office's kitchen became
clogged just when lunch time hit.
The plumber forgot his tools so I
offered him my arm to use as an
exploratory. My arm got stuck in
there and for the rest of the day
people rinsed dishes and brushed
their teeth with my arm stuck in
the plumbing. At one point I
thought someone said Hi to me,
but it had actually just been a
sneeze on my face.
Saturday
Been feeling depressed. Wonder if
Wheel of Fortune is on.

