# Diversions
## Yes, you can buy love! WHITE PLAZA WATCH Q: WHAT DO YOU DO TO KEEP YOUR JOB? 
### 

MARC
WAIS
Man
About
Town

"Keep my membership
to the Satanic Society
of Abadabadaba a
secret/'


GERHARD
CASPER
Teutonic
Hero

"Lie about that great
one-night stand with
Charo. Ah, memories!"


NANCI
HOWE
Woman
Warrior

"Keep the Evil Dwarf
Moroney in a straight
jacket in my bedroom
closet. I am now safe."


EMILY
ANDRUS
Femme
Fatale

"My name is not really
Emily Andrus. It's Eliz
abeta And I
have a story to te11..."


CONDI
RICE
Wild
Thing

"Behind this sweet
smile lies a tortured,
broken heart/'

MARC
WAIS
Man
About
Town

"Keep my membership
to the Satanic Society
of Abadabadaba a
secret/'


GERHARD
CASPER
Teutonic
Hero

"Lie about that great
one-night stand with
Charo. Ah, memories!"


NANCI
HOWE
Woman
Warrior

"Keep the Evil Dwarf
Moroney in a straight
jacket in my bedroom
closet. I am now safe."


EMILY
ANDRUS
Femme
Fatale

"My name is not really
Emily Andrus. It's Eliz
abeta And I
have a story to te11..."


CONDI
RICE
Wild
Thing

"Behind this sweet
smile lies a tortured,
broken heart/'

MARC
WAIS
Man
About
Town

"Keep my membership
to the Satanic Society
of Abadabadaba a
secret/'


GERHARD
CASPER
Teutonic
Hero

"Lie about that great
one-night stand with
Charo. Ah, memories!"


NANCI
HOWE
Woman
Warrior

"Keep the Evil Dwarf
Moroney in a straight
jacket in my bedroom
closet. I am now safe."


EMILY
ANDRUS
Femme
Fatale

"My name is not really
Emily Andrus. It's Eliz
abeta And I
have a story to te11..."


CONDI
RICE
Wild
Thing

"Behind this sweet
smile lies a tortured,
broken heart/'

MARC
WAIS
Man
About
Town

"Keep my membership
to the Satanic Society
of Abadabadaba a
secret/'


GERHARD
CASPER
Teutonic
Hero

"Lie about that great
one-night stand with
Charo. Ah, memories!"


NANCI
HOWE
Woman
Warrior

"Keep the Evil Dwarf
Moroney in a straight
jacket in my bedroom
closet. I am now safe."


EMILY
ANDRUS
Femme
Fatale

"My name is not really
Emily Andrus. It's Eliz
abeta And I
have a story to te11..."


CONDI
RICE
Wild
Thing

"Behind this sweet
smile lies a tortured,
broken heart/'

MARC
WAIS
Man
About
Town

"Keep my membership
to the Satanic Society
of Abadabadaba a
secret/'


GERHARD
CASPER
Teutonic
Hero

"Lie about that great
one-night stand with
Charo. Ah, memories!"


NANCI
HOWE
Woman
Warrior

"Keep the Evil Dwarf
Moroney in a straight
jacket in my bedroom
closet. I am now safe."


EMILY
ANDRUS
Femme
Fatale

"My name is not really
Emily Andrus. It's Eliz
abeta And I
have a story to te11..."


CONDI
RICE
Wild
Thing

"Behind this sweet
smile lies a tortured,
broken heart/'
