# UNDER EYES OF SOLDIERS
## African Negro Strike Fails As Police Arrest Hundreds 
### 
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
JOHANNESBURG, South Af
rica </P) - A scheduled week's
strike by Negroes against the
white government's rigid racial
laws failed yesterday to meet its
first real test. It fizzled under
the watchful eyes of white police,
soldiers and civilian militia,
backed by armored cars.
Police reported from all major
South African cities that Negroes
turned up for work in normal
numbers,"unhindered by members
of the outlawed African National
Congress. The ANC called the
stoppage in an attempt to force
relaxation of segregation laws
and the release of jailed Negro
leaders.
Police Hit ids
The strike started Monday. But
that was a national Easter holi
day and thus the strike's real
test was postponed. The govern
ment had threatened banishment
to remote native reserves or un

employment for Negroes heeding
the call.
Police raided an African settle
ment near Port Elizabeth on the
Indian Ocean, questioned 200 Ne
groes and detained 165 as "un
desirable elements." In the port
city of East London, about 400
Negroes, of .000 arrested Monday,
were accused of being in an Af
rican settlement without permis
sion. Most were fined about $2.80
each or sentenced to eight days
in jail.
42'i Arrested
Justice Minister Francois Eras
mus refused to tell Parliament
the exact number of persons ar
rested under state of emergency
powers proclaimed March 30.
However, he said at least 422 Ne
groes have been arrested for fail
ing to produce on demand the
hated passbooks they arc required
to carry at all times. Many re
ceived stiff fines or prison terms,
he said.
