# FASCIST CHARGES
## U.S. Attacks New Blasts From Castro 
### 
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
WASHINGTON (/P) - The U.S.
government yesterday came its
closest yet to branding Fidel
Castro a dictator.
The sharp words came from the
State Department after officials
here were -stung by the Cuban
Prime Minister's latest blast in
his series of attacks on Uncle
Sam.
This time, Castro publicly de
clared he saw some similarity be
tween U.S. policy and those of
Hitler, Mussolini and Spain's Gen
eralissimo Francisco Franco.
Castro Charge
In an interview yesterday with
correspondent Richard Bate, of
the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem. published in the semiofficial
Castro newspaper Revolucion,
Castro said the Fascists con
demned communism while justi
fying aggression and Ihc United
Stales "appears to have adopted
a policy that in other times
served to advance Fascists."
State Department press officer.
Lincoln White denounced this as
"another of the baseless remarks
which the Cuban Prime Minister
makes from time to time for rea
sons best known to himself."
U.S. Hope
The U.S. spokesman noted that
the United States had gone to war
against Hitler and Mussolini in
World War 11. He said America
now considers internatonal com
munism a real threat to democ
racy and hopes that Castro and
the Cuban people will come to
realize this.
"If comparisons must be made."
White said, "one of the princi
pal hallmarks of a dictatorship
such as that of Hitler and Musso
lini was the muzzling of a free
press.
"It is difficult to understand
how the Prime Minister can make
such references when 9.3 per cent
of the Cuban press is under gov
ernment control."
