# Burglar Filches Clubs Wheatchex
## 
### 
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
Breakfast at El Tigre club was
skimpy yesterday morning when
club members found the club bur
glarized of 100 boxes of Wheat
Chex and a toaster, plus other
items with a total worth of $100.
Club business manager Bob
Stevenson repor ted thai also miss
ing yesterday morning were 5
pounds of ham. 3 carving knives
and $20 of miscellaneous items.
The theft is thought to have oc
curred between I and 7 a.m. yes
terday morning.
