# Marik, Chrisman Engaged
## 
### 
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
Faisan House announces the
engagement of Nancy Marik, '61,
to Keith Chrisman, Alpha Sigma
Phi, '61.
