# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
CONSIDER
More elaborate settings
than ever before.
A cast of more than 60
people.
Spectacular action; Sha
vian satirical cynicism.
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
TO MISS
CAESAR AND
CLEOPATRA
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW
MANY GOOD SEATS ARE
STILL AVAILABLE AT
The Old Union, Campus
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
