# U.C. Junior Class Dance Tickets to Be Sold Here
## 
### 
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
Bids for the Junior Spring Informal
.to be given by the Junior class of
U.C. at the Palace Hotel the evening
of the U.C.-Stanford track meet are
on sale for Stanford students at the
A.S.S.U. office until Monday. Cover
charge, punch, and souvenirs are in
vluded in the price of the tickets,
$3.50.

College life is a period sandwiched ir
between matriculation and graduation
speckled with demands to contribute.
