# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
At a meeting of the executive
committee of the Intersociety De
bating League held today a decision
was reached that Stanford should
accept the invitation received yes
terday to debate the University of
Nebraska at Lincoln sometime dur
ing the present semester. This de
cision came after careful consider
ation by the debaters, and means
that those who are most promi
nently connected with the debating
interests of the University are in
favor of a policy that will give de
bating greater prominence among
our various student activities than
it has had in the past. It is the
opinion of the Daily Palo Alto
that no wiser action could have
been taken, and we trust that noth
ing will intervene to prevent the
proposed contest. Accepting the
invitation of Nebraska of course
implies that we are to have a re
turn debate at Stanford next year,
all expenses of which are to be
borne by us. Through the kind
ness of the transportation com
panies these expenses can be re
duced to about three hundred dol
lars. There should be no trouble
in collecting such an amount in
door receipts, thus making the new
enterprise self-supporting from the
beginning. Even if there were a
slight deficit the first year, in mak
ing up that deficit we would but be
paying for the development of a
student activity that is of substan
tial value in gaining real recogni
tion for our University from the
best classes of people. There seems
no reason why the financial side of
an Eastern debate should be any
great hardship after we come to
recognize the value to us in such a
debate. With three other debates
on hand for this year, Nebraska
apparently finds no difficulty in as
suming the total expense of the
first contest. We are certainly
capable of meeting them half way.
