# 2 For Price Of 1
## 
### 


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.


On the left, Gilbert Green, Jane iloffman, and
Jerome Raphel start in Stanford Repertory The
atre one-act production of Harold Painter's "A
Slight Ache." On the right, Paul Winfield, Paul
Richards, and Raphel play Short, Medium, and Fat
in the Polish Absurdist play, "Out At Sea." Both
play nightly through December 10 in Little Theater.
