# Gymnasts Bounce Into New Season In Sac St. Tourney
## 
### GREG PSALTIS 
Stanford's gymnastics team
will open its competitive season
tomorrow night in the annual
Sacramento State College Invi
tational at 7:30.
Eight Stanford gymnasts will
make the trip to the meet. From
the varsity, John Rinderknecht,
Rich Guess, John Marks, Jim
Peterson and Jim Synder will
compete.
Freshmen Craig Dickson, Dick
Lees and Don Reed will also
make the trip.
Break Even In '67
Coach John Gilmore antici
pates a successful year in which
the Indians could "break even."
In the previous thirteen sea
sons, only one Stanford team
has had a winning record. That
was in 1964 when the Cards
were 6-2.
This year's squad will be
headed by captain John Rinder
knecht, a senior, who performs
in the side horse, high bar and
parallel bars.
He is one of three returning
gymnasts from last year's var
sity. The other two are Pete
Gibson, another senior and Bill
Fisher, a junior.
Strong Sophomores
Coach Gilmore's optimism is
largely due to competitors up
from last year's freshman team.

Marks, Peterson, Snyder, Harry
Miller and Brad Pearson are all
sophomores who should greatly
help the team this year.
Another new member of the
Stanford team's Rich Guess,
who transferred from Long
Beach Junior College. He could
be the team leader in three
events.
Peterson will be the Indians'
all-around performer. He will
compete in six events in each
meet.
Strong Points
Gilmore believes that the
team's strong points will be
floor exercise with Gibson,
Guess and Peterson, long horse
with Gibson, Fisher, Guess and
Peterson and parallel bars with
Rinderknecht, Marks, Peterson
and Snyder.
In looking at the conference,
Gilmore feels that California,
USC and UCLA will sport
stronger teams than Stanford.
Washington could also be
strong.
The varsity will open its
home season January 14 at En
cina Gym in a three way meet
with California State Polytech
nic College and Chico State Col
lege.
Another high point of the sea
son will be the AAWU cham
pionships, at the Stanford pa

vilion in the middle of March.
Included in the schedule this
season are two meets with Cali
fornia, which just narrowly
missed winning the national
championships last year.
The leading members of the
freshman team are the three
athletes who will go to the Sac
ramento State Invitational as
well as Dennis Mesich and Kim
Friese. Gilmore said that Craig
Dickson is one of the finest
freshman prospects he's had
since coming here to Stanford.
Since Stanford has just re
cently begun to recruit gym
nasts, the program is on the up
swing here.
Though the Indians will not
send a full team due to dead
week and final exams, individual
Stanford gymnasts may be com
peting in two upcoming invita
tionals December 9 at San Jose
State and December 17 at San
Francisco State.
