# SIDELINE SLANTS
## 
### BILL ADAMS 
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
It is hardly necessary for us to
state, as we have so many tini«s be
fore, that Stanford is fielding no
teams in intercollegiate competition
in any sport for the duration. Most
of us on this athletic-shy campus are
already acutely aware of that fact.
We feel strange without a team to
cheer for, to boast about or try to
excuse.
Well, we don't have a team, but
we do have the Palo Alto Independ
ents. We are unfortunately forced
to say, every time we mention them,
that they do not represent, and have
no connection with, Stanford Univer
sity . They do not wear the Cardinal,
but they are composed of your fel
low students, many of them your
friends, and we cannot urge too
strongly that every Stanford student
support them to the fullest extent.
They do not represent Stanford, but
they do represent the feelings of
stduents in general toward partici
pator in intercollegiate sports. Be
cause the University does not recog
nize the advantages of outside ath
letic competition in wartime, these

men took the initiative, when their
appeal for official recognition failed,
and formed an independent organi
zation of their own.
The Independents are at present
trying to arrange a game to be played
in Palo Alto some time next month.
All they need to do is to pay the
rental for the gymnasium and the
traveling expenses for the visiting
team. If you feel the need of vent
ing your patriotism, the least yon can
do is to go down and show these men
your wholehearted approval of their

initiative. You may be helping to
speed the return of athletics to the
Farm.
