# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
The average shipment by air cxpress
today travels 1,000 miles. Air
shipments average 2G pounds in
weieht.
