# SUN Commences Annual Activities
## 
### 
Activities of Stanford United
Nations begin in earnest tonight
at 7:30 p.m. with committee
meetings discussing resolutions
dealing with such international
issues as racial and religious per
secution to Palestine refugees to
disai mament.
Sen. Frank Church of Idaho
will he the keynote speaker at the
first meeting of the general as
sembly Thursday at 4:15 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel. This and subsequent
sessions of the general assembly,
as well as committee meetings,
will be open to spectators.
Because of the fraternity rush,
Tuesday's committee meetings
have been post pone d until
Wednesday. The packet of resolu
tions that will be considered will
be available Thursday.
