# $0000
## 
### 

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.

Machines at the Computer Center lie quiet as
many a student wonders where the money for his
next IBM card will come from. Reduction in a
government grant has curtailed use of the Center.
