# Group Reviews Studies Abroad
## 
### 
An Ad Hoc Committee of the
Overseas Campus Board, formed to
evaluate the academic program of
Stanford's foreign campuses, will
meet tonight at 10 in Treshlder.
Membership on the committee Is
open to returnees of any of the
campuses abroad.
After a study of student opinion
and suggestions, the Ad Hoc Com
mittee will present a report to Dr.
Rol>ert Walker, director of the
Overseas Campus Program.
Dr. Walker has given full ap
proval of the Ad Hoc Committee's
work, saying that a systematic, ob
jective study of the program's cur
rieulum is needed. He expressed
hope that the group would be able
to come up with a workable plan
for evaluation.
