# FROSH TENNIS SQUAD HAS GOOD MATERIAL
## 
### 
Excellent material has turned out
this year for frosh tennis. The meet
with California will be held on the
same day as the varsity meet, April
10 Those who n novo shown up well
and fiom whom the team will be pick
ed i>ve W. Young, Joe Craig, L. K.
Stoddard, D. B. Munroe, W. F. Swartz,
K. W. Brown, William Whiteford, C.
Little. There are others who are out
that are shaping up into good players
and who may be added to the above
list soon.
California's frosh team this year is
the best they have had in several
years. Stanford has a fighting chance
of winning, and can assure thmselves
a victory only with excessive train
of winning, and can assure themselves
of a victory only with exessive train
ing.
