# Four Campus Editors Endorse Board Action
## 
### 
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
We. the undersigned editors of
campus publications, having been pres
ent through the entire discussion and
executive session of the Board of Ath
letic Control pertaining to the coach
ing controversy, wish to take this op
portunity to endorse the action taken
by that Board. We believe that the
Board acted impartially, fairly, and
with the interest of the University at
heart, and that their decision, arrived
at after due deliberation, was the only
action consistent with the avowed ath
letic policy of the University and pos
sible under the existing circumstances.
R. E. WEDEKIND.
Daily Palo Alto.
DALE VAN EVERY,
Cardinal.
H. G. SWENDSEN.
Illustrated Review.
B. C. WOHLFORD.
Chaparral.
