# WOMEN'S TENNIS
## 
### 
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
The top four seeds of the
women's tennis team, Marcy
O'Keefe, Lele Forood, Andrea
Barnes, and Joy Hahn, will
participate in an invitational
:ournament this weekend,
nosted by Cal-Santa Barbara.
