# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter Doing
Satisfactory Work?
IF NOT
Call our repair depart
ment. Complete shop
and expert mechanic to
take care of your troubles
on any make of type
writer.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
and Delivered
DIAL 4106
•
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
