# BRITISH TO BUILD
## 
### 
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
LONDON. March 6 (UP).—Great
Britain's determination to rule the
waves was emphasized with publi
cation of the new naval building
program calling for 17 new battle
ships.
