# WRECKAGE OF AIR MAIL PLANE
## 
### 

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.

The remains of the plane in which Lieutenant Durwood O. Lowry crashed to death near Deshlcr, Ohio, while
erwoute from Chicago to Cleveland in a mail plane. Lowry was the first army pilot killed while actually carry
ing mail, though there were other fatalities connected with the army service.
