# Trojans Meet Huskies For Hoop Championships
## 
### 
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
University of Southern California's
Trojans, southern division cham
pions, meet University of Washing
ton's Huskies, of the northern divi
sion, for the Pacific Coast Confer
ence hoop title this week-end at the
Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
Games will be played Friday and
Saturday. If a third game is neces
sary to decide the scries it will be
played Monday.
