# CANOES PAINTED
## 
### 
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
Roble is setting a new spring style
in canoes with the painting of two
yellow boats to match the retintcd
green and red ones. The canoes, in
the process of restoration, will be
ready for use over the week-end.
Leon Errol got his collapsable legs
idea from trying to teach a dog to
sit up.
