# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
TONIGHT'S GAMES
A.T.O. vs. Chi Psi, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Kncina 2\V vs. Phi Delia Theta, |
Gym, 8 o'clock.
Sigma Chi vs. Sequoia I, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Sequoia 11, vs. Thela Xi, Pa
vilion, 8 o'clock.
