# PWA Housing Chief
## 
### 

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.

Colonel Horatio B. Hackctt
of Chicago, who was recently
appointed by Secretary of the
Interior Ickes to the post of
Federal director of the hous
ing division of the Public
Works Administration, suc
ceeding R, D. Kohn. Colonel
Hackett is a graduate of West
Point, and was wounded in ac
tion in the World War. He is
now a member of an architec
tural firm.
