# DEAN WILL GIVE VALUES OF LAW
## 
### 
The final major department lecture
of the winter quarter series will be
delivered at 7:15 o'clock tonight in
the Little Theatre by Marion R.
Kirkwood, Dean of the School of
Law.
Speaking on "The School of Law,"
Dean Kirkwood will present to un
dergraduates, still in doubt as to
their prospective major subject, a
brief picture of what the Law School
offers a student and how training for
the legal profession is carried on.
"I intend to tell a little of what
the lawyer's job is," stated Kirk
wood in commenting on his talk.
"Also I wish to show that legal
training can lead to any number
of other vocations other than the
one of law."
The profession of law is entered by
nearly 12 per cent of graduates of
the University. This is due in large
part to the size and quality of the
school.
Dean Kirkwood was born at Colo
rado Springs. He received his A.B.
and J.D. degrees at Stanford and was
awarded his LL.D at U.S.C. In 1917
he was admitted to the California
bar.
Since 1912 Kirkwood has been
connected with Stanford but has also
taught and lectured at the Universi
ties of Oklahoma, Cornell, Chicago,
and Michigan. He has been dean of
the Law School since 1932. In 1930
Dean Kirkwood spent a year at Duke
University where he helped establish
a college of law.
Presiding at tonight's lecture will
be C. Gilbert Wrcnn, secretary of
the Vocational Guidance Committee,
who lust week returned from a trip
to the southern part of the state.
