# Italian, Ethiopian Forces Engage in Pitched Battle
## 
### 
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
# ROME, Feb. 10 </l J )—A pitched
battle between Italian and Ethiopian
forces, with many killed and wound
ed. was announced today simulta
neously with reports of extnsive
troop movements in Italy.
These movements, well informed
circles said, have colonial ends in
view. Thf latest armed conflict, the
communique said, was on the border
of Italian Somalikuul and Ethiopia,
