# CAR ALMOST DISAPPEARS IN FLOOD
## 
### 

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)

An automobile parked on a Long Beach, Cal., street was almost
covered by flood water which gathered in the low section of the city
after a two day downpour. (Associated Press Photo)
