# JUNIPERO SERRA CLUB WILL GIVE RECEPTION
## 
### 
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
The Junipero Serra club will enter
tain new members with a reception
tonight, on the third floor of the wo
men's clubhouse, at 8:15. This is the
first get-together of old and new
members of the organization to be
held this quarter and it is hoped a
large attendance is expected. Faculty
members will also attend the meet
ing. A musical program and refresh
ments will be part of the evening's
entertainment.
