# Frantz Writes on Serbian Work For Next Cardinal
## 
### 
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
In the November issue of the Cardi
nal, which will,' appoar early next
week, Harry W. Frantz '17, recounts,
in an article entitled "The New Year
In Serbia," his varied experiences in
the wilds of the reconquered Balkan
countries after Bulgaria had caved in,
paving the way for the general arm
istice of November 11, 1018. Frantz,
a well-known Stanford journalist, was
in charge during two years of the
American relief and distributor of
supplies in the Balkans, and was later
Historian of the Balkan Commission,
and consequently < ame into close con
tact with all classes of civilians and
soldiers in the Near-East, from cabinet
ministers down to the small municipal
officials and the lowest peasants and
refugees. His article. "Serbian Para
bles," is real proof that truth is at
least, more romantic than fiction, and
certainly truer. The article is il
illustrated by many photographs of
Serbian life taken by the author him
self.
