# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon in San
Francisco the first intercollegiate
game of the season will occur when
the Stanford Freshmen face the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia on the gridiron. The prob
able outcome of the game seems to
have been pretty thoroughly dis
cussed, the general opinion being
that the Stanford Freshmen are to
face a difficult proposition. The
Berkeley team is composed of
a collection stars who will no
doubt make a hard tight for the
varsity. Stanford's team, on the
other hand, is composed of average
players. However, they have shown
that they possess something that
may prove a surprise, and that is
team work. The game tomorrow
resolves itself into a question of
stars against team work. If the
Freshmen go into the game tomor
row with a determined spirit, and
with a united class and student
body behind them, they can and
will do wonders. Whichever way
the result goes, we can feel sure
that the Freshmen will do their
best.
