# Intercollegiate Democratic Rally.
## 
### 
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
The Democratic Clubs of Berke
ley and Stanford will hold their
joint rally at Metropolitan Temple
in San Francisco tomorrow even
ing. Elaborate preparations have
been.made and the Central Com
mittee expects the largest audi
ence of the local campaign. It is
possible that an overflow meeting
will be held on Fifth street.
Stanford will be represented by
Frank English, '01, and James
Ferguson, '99, both intercollegiate
debaters. Imperialism will be the
theme of the Stanford men, while
the speakers from Berkeley will

discuss the other issues. The
speakers will be escorted from the
California Hotel to the Metropoli
tan Temple by a large marching
corps.
Seats will be reserved for all
Stanford people who desire to at
tend the rally. It is the desire of
the committee that those wishing
seats come before eight o'clock as
it will be impossible to hold them
longer.
