# Alumni Win.
## 
### 
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
The Alumni team defeated the
Varsity at football this afternoon
by a score of 13 to 0. The Alumni
eleven scored two touchdowns, one
goal and a safety.
