# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
Next Bank of Palo Alto.
