# Ralph Cowing, '22, Is Called Home
## 
### 
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
Ralph Cowing, '22, has been called
home on account of the illness of his
mother. She is very seriously ill with
the influenza in her home in Carson
City, Nevada.
