# Students Speak Before Y.M.C.A.
## 
### 
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
"The Pacific Grove Conference"
was the topic for the Sunday after
noon meeting of the Young Men's
Christian Association, held at the
University Chapel at 4 o'clock. W.
E. Packard spoke of similar confer
ences held in the East. P. W. Mer
rill, '08, told of the meetings held
last year, and VV. C. Shelton, *08,
presented the social side of the con
ference.
The athletic feature of the confer
ence was briefly expressed by C. C.
Sanborn, '08.
Two selections were rendered by a
special quartet.
