# POMONA WILL NOT COMPETE.
## Athletes of the Claremont College Do Not Wish To Enter Agreement With F.S.C. 
### 
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
There seems little probability that.
Stanford athletes will meet, the rep
representatives of Pomona College in
the series of track-meets with tlio
University of Southern California
next, spring. The athletes of Pomona
are anxious to meet (lie Cardinal
runners but are not willing to enter
any agreement, with U. S. C., espec
ially as they seem to have a special
aversion to Coach Holmes.
Athletic relations between the two
southern institutions have been ra
ther strained for some time and re
sulted in an open break last spring.
An article in a Los Angeles paper
quotes Captain Himrod, of the Po
mona track team, as saying "I can't
see where we would get. any good out
of such an arrangement. T desire a
meet with the northern schools very
much, but don't think we care to go
in with Holmes on a deal like that."
