# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
The Stanford Players
presents
THE STUDIO THEATRE
THE FATHER''
By
AUGUST STRINDBERC
Oct. 22 to Oct. 25
Wednesday thru Saturday
LITTLE THEATRE
MEMORIAL HALL
Tickets for 60 cents on sale
at Box Office
PHONE 22041
A A gwfffigffl.illliMWl J
Starts Today
NELSON EDDY
ILLONA MASSAY
in
"NORTHWEST
OUTPOST"
—also —
"FIRST COMES
COURAGE"
with
BRIAN AHERNE
MERLE OBERON
