# ASCE Members Are Invited To Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
Stanford chapter members of the
American Society of Civil Engineers
have been invited to attend a meet
ing of the San Francisco chapter to
night for the purpose of hearing a
talk by Sidney P. Johnson on the
Trans - Arabian pipeline, Ed Cary,
ASCE president, announced yester
day.
