# Correction
## 
### 
A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

A story in yesterday's Daily on
the apology of six students who
protested in a masked vigil early
Tuesday morning reported that
Black Student Union chair Mary
Dillard thanked the protesting
students for their "dignity." In
fact, Dillard's remarks were ad
dressed to the black community,
and not to the six students.
A story in Wednesday's Daily
on the United Graduate Students'
Alliance reported that University
President Donald Kennedy was
interested in meeting with the
group. In fact, Kennedy has not
yet commented on whether he will
meet the group.
Also, several quotes attributed
to George Yeltatzie, a UGSA or
ganizer and president of the Stan
ford Native American Graduate
Students, were actually stated by
Maynard Holliday, vice chair of
the Black Graduate Students' As
sociation.

