# I-Club Sponsors English-in-Action
## 
### 
The International Center now
offers several volunteer oppor
tunities for Americans who
would like to meet international
students. These include (1) En
glish-in-Action, a series of in
formal conversations between
one American and one foreign
student, and (2) positions for
women as junior hostesses dur
ing the afternoon and evening.
The purpose of the 8-week
English-in-Action program is to
help the foreign student improve
his conversational English. Un
dergraduates may earn activity
credit if they extend the conver
sations to three hours a week.
Registration for the program is
open daily from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
through September 29 at the
English-in-Action desk in the lob
by of the I-Center.
Also available are 30 positions
as junior hostesses, involving
work for three hours a week in
the afternoon or evening. Duties
of the job are to welcome stu
dents ana visitors to the build
ing and to help with regularly
scheduled programs.
