# Professor E. W. Smith Tells of Impressions of Eastern Papers, Schools
## 
### 
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
Campus journalists, journalism stu
dents, and other students interested,
are invited by Professor and Mrs. E.
W. Smith to come to their home at 12
Alvarado at 7:30 Thursday night to
hear Professor Smith relate his ex
periences among and impressions of
eastern newspapers and schools of
journalism.
Professor Smith, after teaching at
the University of Wisconsin last sum
mer, went on to New York. There he
hobnobbed with editors and writers
during the fall and early winter, ex
changing views and absorbing inter
esting information, part of which he
will relate Thursday night.
Don Liebendorfer, president of the
Stanford Journalists Club, has called
a short meeting of that organization,
to take place during the evening at
Professor Smith's home.
John Philip Sousa was made an hon
orary of Alpha Epsilon Mu, honorary
musical fraternity, at the University
of Michigan.
