# PERSIA IN ICE GRIP
## 
### 
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 18. (/P)—
Several persons were reported to
have frozen to death during the last
twenty-four hours in what was
described as the severest weather
Persia has ever experienced.
