# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
A buffalo barbecue at Joplin, Mo.,
netted more than $500 for charity. I
