# Coolbrith Poetry Contest Opened
## 
### 
Stanford students were yesterday
invited to compete for the annual
Ina Coolbrith Memorial Prize, es
tablished by friends of the late Ina
Coolbrith. The prize is a $40 cash
award to be presented for the best
original, unpublished poem on any
subject composed by an undergrad
uate at Stanford University and sev
en other northern colleges.
Each school will select the three
poems of highest merit, and the 21
leading poems thus chosen are
then to be submitted to some judge
chosen by the committee on prizes
of the University of California.
Deadline for submission of manu
scripts is next February 14, in or
der that the three best poems sub
mitted by the Stanford students may
be selected and forwarded Jo the
University of California by Febru
ary 28. Manuscripts must be type
written and submitted with a dis
tinguishing mark other than the
author's name. A sealed envelope
bearing on the outside the author's
mark and containing within his
name, address and class is to ac
company each manuscript for
means of identification.
