# BOLIVIAN DIES
## 
### 
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
LA PAZ, Bolivia, Oct. 3 -(UP).—
Former President Jose Tejadu, 57,
died today of uremia. The govern
ment decreed national mourning and
presidential honors at the funeral.
Tejada's three children are enrolled
at the University of California, Ber
keley.
