# Sunday Organ Recital Includes Bach, Vierne
## 
### 
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
Dr. Warren D. Allen, University
organist, will play at the organ re
cital Sunday at 4 p.m. in the Memo
rial Church Bach's "Concerto No. 2
for Organ Solo, in A Minor." Also
included on the program will be
"Gavotte in F," by Padre G. B. Mar
tini; "Andante Cantabile, Fourth Or
gan Symphony," by Widor; and "Di
vertissement," "Lied," and "Carill
lon" by Louis Viernfe.
