# Decorated Floats Planned for Show
## 
### 
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
Flowers, students, palm trees, or
miniature orchestras arc all eligible
to decorate the floats that will ini
tiate the Junior Water Carnival Sat
urday, April 28. Every campus liv
ing group may enter the competition
for the best float, all of which are
to be built on top of boathouse ca
noes and shown in a pageant across
the lake front.
Themes for floats are left to tlic
discretion of students; articles may
be piled on until the canoe reaches
the sinking point. Popular floats
from former years were floral dis
plays and comedy tableaus, accord
ing to Pat Dana, president of the
juniors.
First, second, and third prizes have
been donated by stores in Palo Alto,
ranging from merchandise and credit
to dinners at popular Peninsula
spots.
Superstructures may be built on
the canoes, according to Miss Dana,
to adjust the platform sizes to the
floats planned. If your living group
does not own a canoe, arrangements
may be made through Marilyn Weiss
or K. J. Supple to borrow one.
