# Cal Stanford 'Y' Will Revive Meet
## 
### 
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
A University of California-Stan
ford tradition will be revived tomor
row when the Cal Y.W.C.A. cabinet
will make its first get-acquainted
war-time trek to the Farm to confer
with the "Y" cabinet here on perti
nent problems confronting "Y" con
cerns.
The Cal cabinet, consisting of 17
members, will arrive tomorrow
morning and will be conducted on a
campus tour, after which they will
picnic-lunch in Dean Mary Yost's
garden.
There will be general discussion
during the day involving "Y" em
phases in war-time, how Cal and
Stanford can help the smaller Cali
fornia Y.W.C.A. group, and the var
ious problems of special interest
groups such as the World Affairs
Group.
