# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,

By United Press
Ernie Pyle, the skinny little man whose nostalgic war stories made
him one of the most popular and beloved war correspondents of this
war, was reported killed this week by Jap machine gun bullets on
Okinawa. Ernie, who covered GI heroics, suffering; and humor in
Europe and Africa, is shown here with his 7-year-old god-daughter
before departing for his last assignment in the Pacific. The littic
girl is Vondra (Snookie) Bush of San Mateo, Cal,
