# LAST LAP BLUES
## 
### 
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (UP).—lt will
happen every time! Capt. .Arthur
Allen, Jr., of Louisville, had been
in the China-Burma-India theater
more than a year when he got a
leave. He packed his baggage full
of Oriental souvenirs for the folks
back in the States, brought them
all the way across the world by
plane and ship, only to lose them
on a train headed for home.
