# Stanford Arranges Conference Reception
## 
### 
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
Plans for the reception and en
tertainment of delegates to the
United Nations Conference in San
Francisco are still in the formu
lative stage, according to A.S.S.U.
Vice-President Marylou McClure.
Social Committee will announce
through the Daily the time when
students may apply as guides and
hosts to the delegates.
