# Sophomore Jolly-Up Will Be Hold Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
Tomorrow night the first sophomore
class jolly-up of the season will he
held in the Women's Clubhouse, Stun
Steinbeck, sophomore cla ;s president,
announce d last night. "The dance will
last from 7 tjll 8 o'clock, and although
it will ho short, it has been proposed
principally to bring the class together
again and develop the old spirit of
class unity," Steinbeck continued.
