# Few Ph.D.'s Scholars, Declare Historians
## 
### 
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
NEW YORK (1.P.). —Declaring that
less than 25 per cent of the holders
of the Ph.D. degree are productive
scholars, the American Historical As
sociation laid the blame on college
and university presidents who seek
degrees for their professors for ad
vertising purposes.
The social sciences and particularly
the departments of history show an
amazing lack of scholarship, accord
ing to the report, which was the re
sult of a nation-wide survey for the
purpose of finding the best way to
expend the income from the million
dollar endowment of the association.
