# Adv. 51 Page 14
## 
### 
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. We
broadcast music videos and cartoons
during the day. You don't need to sub
scribe to cable to watch SCBN. Just plug
your television into the cable hook-up.
Call 3-9069 to vote for your favorite
movies every Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. We
broadcast music videos and cartoons
during the day. You don't need to sub
scribe to cable to watch SCBN. Just plug
your television into the cable hook-up.
Call 3-9069 to vote for your favorite
movies every Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. We
broadcast music videos and cartoons
during the day. You don't need to sub
scribe to cable to watch SCBN. Just plug
your television into the cable hook-up.
Call 3-9069 to vote for your favorite
movies every Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. We
broadcast music videos and cartoons
during the day. You don't need to sub
scribe to cable to watch SCBN. Just plug
your television into the cable hook-up.
Call 3-9069 to vote for your favorite
movies every Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.
SCBN is now your 24-hour station. We
broadcast music videos and cartoons
during the day. You don't need to sub
scribe to cable to watch SCBN. Just plug
your television into the cable hook-up.
Call 3-9069 to vote for your favorite
movies every Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.
