# Macon Completes Second Test Flight Over Ohio
## 
### 
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
AKRON, Ohio, April 23 (JP)—'The
U.S.S. Macon returned to her air
dock from an all-day cruise over
northern Ohio shortly before sun
down today, completing her second
test flight.
Co-eds were weighed in at the
rate of a cent a pound for admission
to the University of Illinois Valen
tine party, one dance for which the
lightest co-eds were sought after,
and not the lightest-headed ones.
