# Jury Accuses Loeb's Killer of Homicide
## 
### 
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
JOLIET, 111., Jan. 29 (/P).—A cor
oner's jury sifting Richard Loeb's
slaying in Stateville Penitentiary
yesterday returned a verdict today
accusing James Day, 23-year-old
fellow convict, of "homicide."
As county prison and state au
thorities sought details of the slay
ing, Loeb's wealthy relatives tried
to give a hurried, secret burial to
the young intellectual whose experi
ment, in murder was a 1924 sensa
tion—the "Loeb-Leopold case."
