# Lineman in Dramatic Rescue
## 
### 

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)

TRAPPED IN HIGH tension wires while trying to
rescue a kite, Divo Francisco is shown being low
ered to the ground by Lineman Ed Douglas. (A.P.
Photo)
