# Board to Preview Student Speakers
## 
### 
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
Chuck Schafer, manager of Stan
ford's newly founded Speakers' Bu
reau, has announced that the bu
reau's review board, composed of
Wally Brooke, Schafer, Jean Albert
son, Wayne Richardson, and Pro
fessor W. M. Timmons, will have its
first meeting this afternoon at 4
o'clock in the A.S.S.U. office to
preview prospective student speak
ers.
In order to have speakers repre
senting each university department,
Schafer has contacted department
heads, who are helping him to get in
touch with interested students.
