# CHANGE IN DISCUSSION
## 
### 
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
Student leaders' round table on
changes in Ex Committee repre
sentation has been cancelled. The
discussion, scheduled for last night,
will be held at a student panel next
Wednesday evening.
