# TUESDAY SERIES
## Whaling to Be Topic of Talk 
### 
"The Eskimo Whalers of Point
Barrow, Alaska," will be the topic
of the Tuesday Evening Series lec
ture tonight at 7:30 111 Memorial
Audiotrium.
Dr. Ira L. Wiggins, Stanford bot
anist who returned from Alaska by
plane last night, will present the
talk. He spent the past week at the
Arctic Research Laboratory in Point
Barrow where he was called in for
consultation by the U.S. Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Wiggins was scientific direc
tor of the Laboratory from 1950
until this year, spending three win
ters there.
His talk will be supplemented
with slides and motion pictures.
Dr. Wiggins, working with other
scientists, has studied the Eskimos
in the arctic region as well as the
fish, birds, animals, and .plant life
of the area..
The lecture is open to the public
without charge.
