# Why Do You Read So Slowly?
## 
### 
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
A noted publisher in Chicago
reports there is a simple tech
nique of rapid reading which
should enable you to increase
your reading speed and yet re
tain much more. Most people
do not realize how much they
could increase their pleasure,
success and income by reading
faster and more aeurately.
According to this publisher,
many people, regardless of
their present reading skill,
can use this simple technique
to improve their reading abil
ity to a remarkable degree.
Whet li e r reading stories,
books, technical matter, it be
comes possible to read sen
tences at a glance and entire
pages in seconds with this
method.
To acquaint the readers of
this newspaper with the easy
to-follow rules for developing
rapid reading skill, the com
pany has printed full details
of its interesting self-training
method in a new booklet,
"How to Head Faster and He
tain More," mailed free. No
obligation. Send your name,
address, and zip code to:
Heading, 835 Diversey, Dept.
162-211, Chicago, 60614.
A postcard will do.
