# Indian Squad Rests At Los Gatos Before Game
## 
### 
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
After a light practice this after
noon. members of the Stanford foot
ball machine and its coaching staff
will remove themselves far away
from pre-game enthusiasm and
worry, going to a quiet woodland
near Los Gatos.
Formerly the team had gone to
Woodside, but the peaceful farm
there is closed this year and Tiny
Thornhill had to look elsewhere to
rest his high tensioned charges.
