# Crime Doesn't Pay
## 
### 
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
A1 Smith believes in advertising
—particularly crime's price, and the
penalties criminals pay. He feels
that placing before potential crime
sters just what they are letting
themselves in for, would stop un
thinking murderers, larceny lads.
Said Al: "Fewer boys would risk
electric chair for petty robberies."
