# RED FEET?
## 
### 
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
A young reporter on an Eastern
collegiate newspaper, secured an un
official report that freshman women
were using red paint on their toe
nails. United Press got hold of the
news, and in two days it reached
the acme of recognition in Arthur
Brisbane's column between para
graphs on Aimee Semple and the
Japanese situation.
