# Pop Warner Designed Red Peppermint Pants
## 
### 
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
Stanford's red and white striped
pants were first worn in the Big
Game of 1929, making this year the
first in which they have appeared ;
against the Golden Bear from Berk
eley.
Popular tradition has it that Pop
Warner used his knowledge, of art'
and esthetic values in designing the
pants and to this day they have re
mained a distinctive part of the
wardrobe of the Stanford football
teams.
