# ZUPPKE RECORD
## 
### 
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
Bob Zuppke's teams in 21 football
seasons at the University of Illi
nois have won 43 and lost five
games, in intersectional competi
tion.
