# THIS IS TRUE
## 
### 
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
A thrifty Southwestern university
coeds recently astounded the Dean
of Women by asking to borrow a
nickel for a telephone call and re
quest in that the loan be added to
her tuition fee. She didn't get the
nickel.
