# ROW MEN PUNISH LAWN ENGRAVERS FROM CALIFORNIA
## 
### 
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
Al 8 o'clock Wednesday night,
California's student president Wake
field Taylor had finished talking
;_;ood will at the Big Game rally.
Eight hours later, 10 or 11 fellow
student l ody members had sneaked
quietly down from the Berkeley
branch, burned a 20-foot "C" in the
Library lawn, smaller ones in front
of Saquoia, the Administration
building, ;;nd fraternity houses.
Working with speed and stealth,
the California fraternity men held a
free hand until they were caught
on a certain Greek house lawn.
Thinking they were burning the
lawn of their Stanford brothers, the
raiders missed fire, ignited a neigh
boring lawn instead. Stanford chap
ter av.oke suddenly, girded for bat
tle. took their brothers for a ride in
the country.
Unfounded reports have it that 10
California fraternity men suddenly,
thoroughly joined the ranks of the
n;;tion-wide nudist movement.
Stanford freshmen, who say they
didn'; have anything at all to do
with painting the big "C"' several
weeks ago, think the visit was a re
turn call on the part of Cal pleni
potentiaries.
