# Edwin Markham to Give Tuesday Evening Lecture
## 
### 
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
Edwin Markham poet, author of
"The Man with the Hoe," "Lincoln,"
and other works, will speak Tues
day evening under the auspices of
the Public Exercises Committee.
Another of the regular Tuesday
evening series, his talk will be en
titled, "A Glimpse of Gravity and
Gaiety," and will include readings
by the author of some of his own
poems. Seven-thirty o'clock in the
Assembly Hall is the time set for
the lecture,
