# Phi Phi, D.U.'s Even Up After 27 Holes of Play
## 
### 
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
Descending darkness yesterday
brought to a stop the intramural
golf semi-finals played between the
defending champions, Phi Delta Phi,
and Delta Upsilon. Even at the
completion of 27 holes, the players
will continue the match tomorrow
until decided.
The scores for the first 18 holes
approximated 78. The champions
were represented by Teague and
Allen, the D.U.'s by Hornby and
Graves. The other semi-final match
between Forgers and the Betas is
scheduled for Sunday. All semi
final matches are 36 holes.

Johnny Mottram's 207-foot javelin
toss last Friday was eight feet bet
ter than the winner's throw in the
1932 1.C.4-A.
