# Clipper Smith Predicts Stanford Win Tomorrow
## 
### 
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
Maurice "Clipper" Smith believes
Stanford should win tomorrow's Big
Game. The Clipper said, "Stanford's
line is adequate; it.s backfield mate
rial is the best on the Coast. I can't
see Stanford losing the Big Game."
