# Washington Daily Plans Renewing 5 Day Paper
## 
### 
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
Plans are now being formulated to
return the University ol' Washing
ton Daily to a five-day week basis,
resuming the publication of a Mon
day morning edition, dropped last
January in order to assist the sLu
ient body treasury through a finan
cial crisis. In a large measure the
final decision will depend on the
revenues from the remaining loot
ball games.
As a step towards a return to the
five - day schedule, a tabloid size
Daily, presenting a brief summary
of the news of the week-end, is be
ing considered for the Monday edi
tion.
