# JOURNALISTS TO MEET
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Phi. women's
journalism fraternity, will hold a
joint business meeting tonight at 8
in the Casa Naranja social room.
All members are urged to attend, as
committee reports End plans for the
Knickerbocker lecture will be dis
cussed.
