# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.

SENATOR James J. Davis of
Pennsylvania, appointed by Re
publicans to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, announced
immediately that he was "neither
isolationist nor interventionist."
Before Pearl Harbor he strung
along with the isolationists.
