# ASCE to Show Film
## 
### 
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
The development of the Cerro
Bolivar iron ore field in South
America will be the subject of a
film to be shown this morning at 10
in Room ."00, Outer Quad. All in
terested persons have been invited.
The film, made by the Bechtel Cor
poration, will be shown by the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers.
