# Pre-registration
## 
### 
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
Pre-registration appointments
for yesterday and today will
both lie honored today for the
hours stamped on the study
lists. Class lists may he signed
on Monday morning, December
2, by any student.
All freshmen and sophomores
should l»e sure to file their
study lists in the Registrar's
Office no later than noon Mon
day, December 2.
