# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
I
WANT MONEY?
Well, here's the chance
to earn some and get
good business experi
ence, too. Come to the *
I
Daily Shack any after
noon and join
THE BIZ STAFF
THE STANFORD
PLAYERS
present
the famous old farce
"Charley's
Aunt"
After a successful tour
of Army camps
May 27, 28, 29
83c Phone P.A. 22041
Memorial Hall
