# GRASS AND BRUSH FIRE
## 
### 
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
A grass and brush fire in the Ci
vilian Defense demonstration field
near Governor's avenue was put out
yesterday afternoon by the fire de
partment. The fire was started by an
experimental fire which got out of
hand.
