# Loan Scholarship Fund Established
## 
### 
Miss Jessie R. Kistler, teacher in
Huntington Park and South Gate
high schools in Southern California,
has established a loan fund at Stan
ford University for the use of gradu
ates of these schools who enter
Stanford.
In setting up the $300 loan fund for
the use of deserving students from
the two high schools, Miss Kistler
plans that the fund will be available
for students entering the University
in June. It will be known as the
Jessie R. Kistler Loan Fund.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford, in accepting the loan fund
for the University, said, "In times
like these it is particularly important
to do all that we can to encourage
young men and women of ability to
come to universities for training."
