# Toys Collected Today For Con Home Kiddies
## 
### 
Toys and stuffed animals will be
collected today from all women's
living groups to be given to the
children in the Convalescent Home,
according to Helen Beatty, who
initiated the toy drive Monday.
"We learned that in some ward>
there was just one toy for the kid
dies, which was passed from beti
to bed," Miss Beatty said. "Re
alizing that most of the women on
campus have wonderful toys as
decorations in their rooms, we are
asking them to give the now scarce
toys to the children."
"Even though the toys may have
sentimental value, they will be
more appreciated by the conva
lescing kiddies who have none,"
Miss Beatty added.
