# Frosh Will Picnic On Stanford Hill
## 
### 
The Freshman Picnic, the final
freshman get-together, will be held
next Saturday afternoon. Encina
men will gather at Roble at 4 p.m.
when the entire class will hike to
Stanford Hill for an afternoon of
fun and entertainment, according to
Charmian Kolar, president of Roble.
The picnic, a no-date affair, is
open to all freshmen. Entertainment
is being planned and promises to
feature the best freshman talent. A
Softball agme is also being planned.
Eneinamen requested this picnic
as a fitting climax to their first and
possibly last year at, Stanford. It
will be very much like the pre-reg
barbecue held last fall, but will be
even more fun because the freshmen
are now well acquainted.
