# Niblickers Finish All-U First Round
## 
### 
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
The second round of the All-Uni
versity Golf Tournament must be
played off by May 22. The first
round has now been completed.
Summary of the play thus far fol
lows:
Rog Laverty d. Bill Lowe, 3-2;
Jack Wilson d. Bob Brooks, (5-5;
Bruce Cordingly d. Jack Phillips,
2-1; George Traphagen d. Bill Tay
lor, def.; Dave Doud d. John Burn
ham, 2-1; Dave Smith d. Bob Rose
crance, 1 up; Bob Barber d. Loren
LaPrade, 2-1; Jim LaGasa d. Jack
Euphrat, 2-1.

Stanford's senatorial mansion in
Washington is now the property of
the (500 local women members of the
Washington Club. II is four stories
high, has 18 rooms, and is valued at
$100,000.

Buy War Bonds Today
