# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
The action of the Senior claps
this afternoon in supporting the
Farce committee in its recent step,
should enlist the support not only
of the entire class hut of the whole
community. A certain part of the
class questioned the authority of
the Farce committee to throw over
the custom of years and give the
opera ''Patience" instead of the tra
ditional farce. The class has sup
ported the committee in its action,
and the final note has been sounded.
Whatever his personal prejudice as
an individual may have been, it is
to be hoped that everyone will do
his utmost as a member of our
community to aid the committee in
its work and ensure the presenta
tion of a first-class play during
Senior Week.
