# STANFORD CAPTAIN
## 
### 

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.

Donald "Mush" Muller, Stanford
football captain, led his teammates
to an undisputed victory Saturday
against Coach "Nibs" Price's Golden
Bears.
