# Willis To Give Lecture On Petroleum Geology Today
## 
### 
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
Dr. Robin Willis, '20, son of Dr.
Bailey Willis, professor emeritus and
former head of the geology depart
ment, will deliver a series of three
lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday, November 25, 26, 27, on
"Petroleum Geology of Texas." Lec
tures will be at 4:00 o'clock in the
Geology building.
