# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
May I ask that you express through
your columns the appreciation of
those of us interested in the Red
Cross Roll Call for the generous and
efficient co-operation of the University
Community. The students through the
sympathetic interest of Mr. Steinbeck
and Mr. Mullin were interested in the
Red Cross, and Mr. Bodle as the ener
getic administrator and director of
the effort brought it to a successful
result that is without precedent. Pro
fessor Elmore and the faculty and
residents accomplished their usual
success. Altogether the contribution
of Stanford was far beyond their logi
cal quota. We of Palo Alto hasten to
express our appreciation and our un
bounded admiration. No one can say
that Stanford thinks only in terms of
football even in this most tense
period of the season.
Our hats are off to you. You gave us
a wonderful response.
Very truly,
Harrv B. Revnolds. Chairman.
