# Six Hundred Tickets Sold.
## 
### 
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
Over six hundred tickets had been
sold by two o'clock today for the
initial plav of the year, "The World
and His Wife," to be given by Sword
and Sandals, next Friday evening.
The drawings, both at Palo Alto and
on the Canipns were attended by the
usual long line of waiting students.
