# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
C. 0. Lathrop, treasurer of tlie I'ni
versity, accompanied 1 > Mrs. Lathrop
a id daughter Ermina, left last Satur
day morning on the Overland Limited,
for a vacation of several months in
the East. Miss Lathrop will Ie placed

i 1 r. school near New York for the
comi ik year. Mr. and Mrs. Lathrop
will return to the campus about lanu
ary 1. Their home on the hill. Alta
Vista, will lie open during their
absence.

While the treasurer is away the
management of the office and all busi
r.e s matters will l.e in the hands of
Mr. Vanderlyn Stowe, of San Fran
cisco, assistant treasurer, and mem
ber of the Hoard of Trustees.


( II WJI.KS (i. I.A I M HOI'
