# Last "Chaparral" Monday.
## 
### 
The final number of the Chap
arral for the present year will be
placed on sale Monday morning on
the quad. There will be twenty
pages, exclusive of advertisements.
W. 11. Davenport, ex-'O2, won the
prize offered for the best cartoon,
and this, with his other drawings
which portray happenings at the
university during his career, is
among the principal features of the
number. The editorials promise to
be highly interesting. One dis
cusses the practical working of the
honor system and another contains
an editorial announcement. A car
toon of the next editor by Snod
grass is also a feature. A. M.
Wilson, '05, contributes a poem
illustrated by O. E. Hyde, '05.
