# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
Sep: A. A. Mapgood, Agent South
em Pacific Company, at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East. Any
and all routes. No troulde to fur
nish information.
