# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
Stanford upperclassmen will appre
ciate the offer of the Senior class
of California of the nse of Senior
Hall on the day of the game. The
generous spirit in which the invita
tion is extended should meet with a
hearty acceptance by Stanford men.
an opportunity is given for the stu
dents of both universities to meet
on a common ground and become ac
quainted. Aside from this considera
tion, Senior Hall will be found of
great service to Stanford men who
would otherwise be without a meet
ing place.
