# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
All the men of the Freshmen class
should appear on the baseball field
tomorrow afternoon to assist in gath
ering wood for the fire Thursday
night. With a large number of men
to help out, the work of collecting
the material will be quickly and eas
ily done. The men of 1910 are ex
pected to contribute this service to
morrow toward the success of the
final rally.
