# Adv. 12 Page 6
## 
### 
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
. •
• • •
CHAIN
SAWS
Deciding what to do
after graduation is
tougher than walking on
hot coals while juggling
«■> vwu
chain saws.
. f.i»» h'i»'l- U»
i - "j.i j »* i tnja
iO i.
Luckily, The Stanford
Daily has a special on
lead boots and steel
gloves this week.
(
Just check out Life
After Stanford, a
colorful magazine
appearing in Friday's
Daily. Life After
Stanford can help you
succeed where others
fail.
Read about graduate
schools, the job hunt and
other post-graduation
possibilities. Look
through Life After
Stanford's extensive list
of companies which want
to hire someone like you.
Or you may end up with
burned feet and no
hands.
