# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
Miss Frankie Willard, '13, was re
cently married to Frank Carmody. ex
'l">, in San Francisco. Mrs. Carmodv
was a member of Langworthy Club and
an assistant in the Entomology de
partment. Carmody was a member of
Press Club, English Club, and Encina
Club.
