# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
J. H. Todd, of the Bond department
of the William R. Staats Co., ad
dressed the regular meeting of the
Economic Society last night. He gave
a practical talk on "Bond Invest
ments."
