# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
Dr. L, J. Martin, of the Psychology
department, delivered a lecture on
"Mental Hygiene" to a large audience
at the Century Club of California, in
San Francisco, Wednesday afternoon.
