# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
TAL E. JONES
(Succesßor to J. W. Donaldson)
520 High 8L
MOTORCYCLES
BICTCLSS
