# German Club Members Will Hold Picnic Tomorrow
## 
### 
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
A picnic is being planned by the
German Club for tomorrow as a sub
stitute for its regular meeting. Mem
bers will meet at the Womens' Club
House at 4:15 o'clock, and from there
will set out for a spot in the hills
where they will have supper and later
enjoy songs and an impromptu pro
gram.
All members wishing to attend the
picnic are requested to sign their
names on the bulletin board in the
German department as soon as pos
sible.
