# The 						Palo Alto Liquor Case.
## 
### 
In Judge Norris's court, Palo Alto,
Thursday morning, began the trial of a
man named Spencer, charged with vio
lating Town Ordinance No. 2, prohibit
ing the sale of liquor within the town
limits of Palo Alto. The trial began at
10 a.m. and lasted until 1 o'clock the
next morning. The piisoner was found
guilty by the jury after a deliberation
of an hour and a half, and was theu re
manded for sentence until Saturday.
This case pretty definitely settles the
liquor question in Palo'Alto. Although
provision was originally made in the
deeds to all town proporty forever pro
hibiting the sale o! liquor, and town or
dinances have been passed for the same
purpose, it was known that, the law was
being evaded, and two arrests followed.
Professors A ngell, Newcomer, Gilbert,
and Emory Smith were drafted for jury
service, representing the University
element in Palo Alto. For the prosecu
tion Judge Foote of San Francisco and
Mr. Hutchinson were the attorneys, and
for the defense Mr Mullock of Ban Jose.
The case of Condon, under arrest fora
similar offenf-e, will not lie called fora
week or more.
