# BERKELEY BISHOP WILL PREACH SUNDAY'S SERMON.
## 
### 
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
Bishop Hell, pastor cjl the United
Brethren Church of Berkeley, will oc
cupy the Chapel pulpit at the regular
Sunday morning service the coming
Sabbath. The special music l'or this
service will be provided by Mrs. Rob
ert Reynolds, the soloist, who will
sing Fauro's "Crucifx." The usual
anthem ot the choir will lie "The Lord
is My Shepherd," by Macfarrel.
