# Untitled Article
## 
### 
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
G. 0. Spurrier, '07, was a visitor on
the campus today. Spurrier was Edi
tor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto in
190G.
