# Conservation.
## 
### 
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
The Forestry Club is to lie congratu
lated for the policy which it is pur
suing. In bringing to the campus
foresters of national and statewide
reputation to spread the gospel of
conservation it is accomplishing some
thing of more than momentary inter
est. The series of lectures which in
cludes an address by the Chief For
ester of the United States can be
profitably attended by all. Consider
ing the lack of a school of forestry
here, the club is to be the more heart
ily congratulated for accomplishing
the results which it has. Possibly we
have in this organization a forestry
department in embryo.
