# Special English 2A Class Organized For Freshmen
## 
### 
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
A special section of English Compo
sition 2 A is offered next quarter for
all freshmen interested. The class af
fords an opportunity for freshmen to
finish the sophomore English composi
tion requirement, and is designed for
those especially interested in writing.
Students who wish to take the course
should see John McClelland, room 209,
or the Secretary of the English Depart
ment.
