# PALO ALTO TRIES DOG
## 
### 
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 6 (/P). —Charles
Lazzarcschi's police dog was "floated"
out of town today. The dug bit a postal
carrier, and was haled into court and
tried on a charge of being a vicious
canine.
