# Helvenston Gives Course In Design of Stage Set
## 
### 
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
Harold Helvenston, art director of
the Stanford stage, will give a new
course next quarter in "Scenic De
sign." This course, which will deal
■yvitli experimental stagecraft, has
never been given in the University
before.
Individual problems in designing the
stage sets will be given by Helven
ston. It will be a three-hour course.
