# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
j
i PHtLfJ'TttfKfl.
BRAEMAR
Imported Zephyr Sweaters
Long Sleeve—
turtle neck slip on
Short Sleeve—
slip on with collar—three
button trim
$10.95
size .M to 40
white
navy
flamingo
yellow
ppwder blue
Phelps
Terljol
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
