# USCC Discusses Role of Students
## 
### 
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
Two hundred students of major
Protestant denominations discussed
the role of today's student in the
church, the university, and the
world struggle, in a six-day meet
ing of the United Student Christian
Council concluded Monday. The
council includes 15 denominations
in the United States, together with
student divisions of the YMCA and
YWCA.
Delegates were present from
seven Western states, Hawaii, Alas
ka, India, Ceylon, Holland, Norway,
Germany, Turkey, the Philippines,
and Japan.
Questions before the conference
were discussed by an interdenomi
national faculty consisting of Dr.
Theodore Bachmann, of the Pacific
Lutheran Seminary at Berkeley; Dr.
Warren Hovland, of the Department
of Philosophy and Religion at Ore
gon State College; Dr. Arnold Nash,
James Gray Professor of the History
of Religion at the University of
North Carolina; and the Rev. Alex
ander Miller, lecturer in religion at
Stanford University.
