# Allen to Head Study Reports
## 
### 
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
Dr. J. Knight Allen, senior econo
mist at the Stanford Research Insti
tute, has been named director of
management study reports for the
July session of the Graduate School
of Credit and Financial Manage
ment.
Allen will supervise all study re
ports presented and confer with
business leaders on practical prob
lems. Meetings, which are held at
colleges throughout the country, are
for the purpose of discussing prob
lems and trends in the business
world.
