# WCA Elects Dr. Sterling
## 
### 
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling has been elected president
of the Western College Association,
it was announced here yesterday.
Dr. Sterling's election took place
at the association's meeting in Los
Angeles. The association, which has
a membership of some 40 Western
colleges, meets twice a year to dis
cuss mutual administrative prob
lems. Recently, university develop
ment plans, admission problems, and
the implications of the growth of
junior colleges have been discussed
by the group.
Several prominent Western foun
dations and learned or educational
societies are also members of the
association, among them the Hun
tington Library.
Dr. Sterling has also been active
in the Commission on Financing
Higher Education, a national group
which works under the auspices of
the Association of American Uni
versities. In addition, he is vice
president. of the World Affairs Coun
cil of Northern California.
