# Fairbanks Stars In First Flick
## 
### 
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
'The Corsiran Brother;.' starring
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr , will begin
thp winter quarter Sunday flick
schedule this Sunday at 7:30 in
Mem Aud.
Short features will complete Ihc
bill. Admission price iu 20 cents.
