# Faculty Women Elect Officers at Meeting
## 
### 
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
Officers for the coming year of the
Faculty Women's Club were electcd yes
terday afternoon in the Women's Club
house. They were:
President, Airs. C. A. Huston; vice
president, Mrs. S. D. Townlcy; secretary.
Mrs. P. E. Davidson; treasurer, Mrs.
Pearce Mitchell; chairman of the re
freshment committee, Mrs. David Web
.ster. Mrs. Jordan is the retiring presi
dent of the club.
Plans for fall work were formulated,
though the policy will largely be deter
mined by the executive committee.
