# Coach Lanagan to Direct Base Hospital Athletics
## 
### 
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
James F. Lanagan, '00, Stanford foot
ball coach in 1907, has been appointed
to coach athletics at the Base Hospital.
Lanagan was the first Stanford rugby
coach. When the decision was made to
change from the American game to the
English, Lanagan, who was schooled only
in American football, went to Australia
in company with Field Coach G. J. Pres
ley, '07, learned the game, and returned
to lead the Stanford varsity to a rugby
victory over California.
