# Lincoln Highway Proves Longest Road in World
## 
### 
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
The Lincoln highway, the great trans
continental automobile road crossing the
central part of the United States, is the
longest through-connecting road in the
world. Extending for 3,305 miles across
the country, it serves 60 per cent of the
population of this country, and is im
mediately available to 67 per cent of the
registered motor vehicles. The Lincoln
highway is being gradually extended with
the addition of branch lines. The road
bed is of a hard and durable surface for
the most part, but with a few bad
stretches in Nevada and some of the
Middle Western states.
