# Carl Rehfuss, ’22, Awarded U.C. Teachers’ Fellowship
## 
### 
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
Carl W. Rehfuss, '22, a graduate stu
dent In chemistry, has been awarded
a teacher's fellowship at the Univer
sity of California for next year. The
work he will do at Berkeley will go
towards the completion of the require
ments for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Rehfuss, who is president of the
local chapter of Alpha Chi Sigma,
men's honorary chemical fraternity,
will receive his master's degree in
June.
