# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANCE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
