# COMBINED BANDS TO PLAY AT HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Itie re-organized Stanford band will
j?ive its first concert as a combined
iband February 28 at the United States
Veterans' Hospital in Palo Alto. The
concert was originally planned for
(February 14 but it was postponed at
the request of Professor Whitney
Martin to that date.
This quarter the band has been di
vided into two sections to facilitate
practice. The plan has been wholly
tftfccessful as it gives an opportunity
for more attention to the various sec
tions of the band. Work in the band
has been largely with concert music
instead of march music that figured
more in the autumn quarter.
Colunfua students are the most radi
cal in the United States, according to
a Dartmouth professor who made a
nation-wide survey of student views.
Barbers in Minneapolis report an
increase of hair bobbing among older
women and a falling off among high
school and college students.
