# FEBRUARY 24 SET AS OPENING DATE FOR Y.W.C.A. DRIVE
## 
### 
February 24 to 26 are the dates set
for the Y.W.C.A. Drive, with a goal
of more than $1600. The money raised
will be divided among foreign work,
local work, delegations to national
convention in Milwaukee in April, and
a contribution of $400 to the Student
Friendship Fund.
In letters received by Isabel Capps,
local secretary, Miss Russell, the
Y.W.C.A. secretary ip China, de
scribes her work in Wuchang, one of
the twelve cities where a branch of
the Chinese National Y.W.C.A. is lo
cated.
Miss Russell is one of fifty-five for
eign secretaries working in China
along with seventy native Chinese wo
men, graduates of colleges and train
ing courses. Hotels, employment bu
reaus, and other services are oper
ated by the association for Chinese
women.
The Y.W.C.A. is a leader in the
"popular education" movement, and in
teaching classes in home-making, edu
cation in health, and in industry and
civic questions. The first camps and
conference grounds operated in China
for the play and leisure of the women
are managed by the organization.
