# Bailey Newlee Will Sing At German Club Meeting
## 
### 
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
A program of several German songs
will be given by IJailey Hayden New
lee, tenor, at the meeting of the Ger
man Club tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Blackwelder will be his ac
companist.
The songs are: "Nur wer die Sehn
sucht kennt," by Tschaikowski, "Wenn
die Ilosen bluhn," by Relchardt, and
"Still wie die Nacht," by Bohm.
