# STANFORD WOMEN MAKE CONFERENCE BASKETBALL PLANS
## 
### 
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
A basketball schedule for the Tri
angular Conference play day, to take
place on the California campus April
10, was completed yesterday by Miss
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Stanford Women's Physical Education
department, and Jean Ward, president
of Women's Athletic Association. Each
of the three institutions that are to
participate in the play day will plan
one of the chief events of the day.
Mills College has charge of the swim
ming schedule, and the University of
California is making out the tennis
plan.
According to the basketball sched
ule planned by the Stanford represen
tatives, six games will be played, in
volving twelve teams. There will be
two classes of games, three games
each, upper and lower division. The
teams will be mixed, each having two
players from each institution, and so
arranged that no two women from the
same university will be playing to
gether. That is, two forwards from the
same university will not play together,
nor two guards or centers. There will
thus be no championship of any sort.

To carry out this plan, each institu
tion will send eight forwards, four

jumping centers, four running centers,
and eight guards to the meet, or a
total of 24 women, enough for four
full teams. Half of these players will
be chosen from the lower division, and
half from the upper.
