# FELLOWSHIPS OPEN IN CHEMISTRY AT AKRON UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
Fellowships of $1000 for the college
year are offered at the Municipal Uni
versity of Akron, Ohio, to graduates
from chemical courses of approved in
stitutions.
The! fellows are required to devote
a maximum of nine hours per week
to laboratory supervision and the re
mainder of their time to research
work. The university will exempt fel
lows from payment of all fees, tui
tion, and breakage, and will also con
fer a Master's degree at the close of
the ydar to those who present a satis
factory thesis and pass the required
examination.
Candidates for the fellowship should
file applications with the Director of
the Knight Chemical Laboratory at
Akron, Ohio, not later than April 1,
1926. Applications may be obtained
from Miss Boulware in Room 1 of the
Chemistry building.
