# Graduate Chosen Head of Traffic Research Bureau
## 
### 
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
Miller McClentock, '18, has been ap
pointed head of a research bureau for
investigating traffic conditions. The
bureau has been created by the Stude
baker endowment branch, with the
purpose in view of improving traffic
conditions all over the United States.
McClentock has been consulting ex
pert for Los Angeles for three years,
and has solved traffic problems there
with much success.
