# PLUG-UGLY DISCUSSED BY CONFERENCE MEN
## ELIMINATION OF POSTERS AND FARCE PROPOSED. Annual Affair Is Thorn in Side of Student Control. Decision at Next Meeting. 
### 
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
Discussion of the advisibility of a
radical modification of the present
Plug Ugly occupied the attention of
University Conference members last
evening. This subject is regarded as
the most critical one now confronting
Student Control. In past years the
Plug Ugly has proved impossible of
regulation and has been productive of
more ills than any other incident of
University life. Elimination of its two
weakest and most objectionable ele
ments, the posters and the farce, and
the concentration of effort in a hard
fought rush on an improved scale, was
the proposal brought before the con
ference.
Advancement of the valuable feat
ures of the present Plug Ugly and gen
eral discussion among Conference
members showed a widespread senti
ment to modify the affair as little as
possible, provided it may be made pos
sible of regulation. Experience, how
ever, seems to point to the conclusion
that the Plug Ugly cannot be regulated
and that it presents a problem which
seriously threatens the success of Stu
dent Control. After a thorough dis
cussion the matter was laid over for
decision at the next meeting of the
Conference.
Announcement was made that in
compliance with the request of the
Conference electric lights will be plac
ed along the walks leading to Roble
Hall.
