# Former Track Star Engaged.
## 
### 
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
The engagement of L. S. Scott, '10,
and Miss Marie McHenry, U. C., '13,
has l!een announced. Scott is a for
mer Stanford track captain and Senior
president, and once held the world's
record in the pole vault at 12 feet
10 7-S inches. Miss McHenry is a
member of the California chapter of
Kappa Kappa Gamma, while Scott be
longs to Delta Kappa Epsilon.
