# BIG GAME PICTURES TO BE SHOWN IN ARMORY.
## 
### 
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
Motion pictures of the Big Game be
tween Stanford and California will be
shown next Friday afternoon and ev
ening in the Armory instead of in the
Assembly Hall, as previously announc
ed. The change in place has been
made possible with the change of the
place of holding the Sophomore Co
tillion from the Armory to Encina
club room.
Exclusive rights of presenting the
pictures have been obtained by the
Senior class for both Palo Alto and
the campus. By showing the pictures
in the Armory an opportunity is given
the Palo Alto people of seeing the
"movies'' as well as the students. An
afternoon performance will be given
in order that those who are going to
the Cotillion may see the pictures.
