# NOTED EXPLORER TO SPEAK.
## David G. Hogarth Will Give Illustrated Lecture in Chapel Friday Evening. 
### 
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
"The Aegean and Crete" will be
the topic given by David G. Hogarth
in the University Chapel tomorrow
evening at eight o'clock. Hogarth
is a director of the Cretan Explora
tion Fund and distinguished as a
writer and an explorer in Egypt, Cy
prus and Asia Minor. He was edu
cated in Winchester and the Uni
versity of Oxford. Later he became
director of the British School at
Athens and since 1899 has made
numerous excavations in various
parts of Crete and Egypt.
Professor Hogarth is a prolific wri
ter of books and magazine litera
ture. He has now in press "The
Artemesion of Ephesus," and his
most popular work Is, "A Wandering
Scholar In Levant," published in
1.898. The lecture will be illustrated
with lantern slides and free to the
public.
