# Frances North Returns.
## 
### 
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
Frances North, *14, who was absent
most of last term because of the ill
ness of her father, has resumed her
graduate work.
