# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
INDIANS^
to A
® O! Beware,my lord
H of jealousy. And
especially when you
are wearing a new
H Cant pullover of
|3Sj genuine Indian
■ Madras. Methinks,
that both men
and women, boys
0 and girls, students
m and non-students
will gnash their
| teeth and turn
g olive green with
envy. Lest it be
too late, hurry
■ to RA. just $10. |
1 1
"nsEKsaua*
