# PROFESSOR HONORED
## 
### 
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
The Cruseiro do Sul, Brazil's
highest award to foreigners, has
been presented to James L. Tay
lor, lecturer in Stanford's His
panic American Studies depart
ment, for his Portuguese-English
dictionary.
