# Jap Brutality to Prisoners Charged by Army, Navy
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UP) â€” The Jap
anese have tortured, starved, and
wantonly murdered American and
Philippine soldiers captured on Ba
taan and Corregedor, the Army and
Navy charged tonight in a joint
statement based on reports of three
pelican officers who escaped from
the Philippines after a year's im
prisonment.
The reports were prepared by
Navy Comdr. Meldyn R. McCoy, 1126
LaSalle Street, Indianapolis, Lt. Col.
S. M. Mellnik, Dumore, Penn.. of the
Coast Artillery Corps, and Lt. Col.
"then Capt." William E. Dyess, Al
bany, Tex., of the Air Corps. Dyess
was subsequently killed in a fighter
plane crash at Burbank, Calif. Mill
nich is now on duty in the South
west Pacific with Gen. Douglas Mac-
Arthur. McCoy is assigned in the
United States.
Their reports assert that several
times as many American prisoners
have died mostly from starvation,
forced hard labor, and general bru
tality than have been officially re
ported. The Japs have officially re
ported through the Red Cross some
1.400 deaths due to disease and mal
nutrition and 300 resulting from
battle wounds.
"At one prison camp, Camp
O'Donnell, about 2,200 American
prisoners died April and May, 1942,"
the report said. "In the camp at Ca
banatuan about 3,000 Americans died
up to the end of October 1942. Still
heavier mortalities occurred among
the Filipino prisoners at Camp
O'Donnell.
Abuse of the prisoners began as
soon as they surrendered, the re
port said.
