# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stack
9
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
0
CIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
Q
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
