# Navy Secretary
## 
### 

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.

RALPH A. BARD of Chicago, re
cently named Assistant Secretary
of the Navy by President Roose
velt. He is an investment banker
and is also head of a large pencil
company. He is a Republican.
