# Carol, Lupescu Cross Border Into Portugal
## On Other Fronts— Stephanie Must Go; Nazis Pack Sophia 
### 
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
MADRID, March 5 (UP).—Former
King Carol and his red-haired
companion, Magda Lupescu, tonight
had given the slip to Spanish au
thorities who had kept them vir
tual prisoners since they lied Ru
mania under a hail of hullcts last
September.
Carol and Mme Lupescu were be
lieved to have escaped across the
border into Portugal, beyond reach
of Spain and the Italo-German Axis
which drove Carol from his throne
and into exile last Sept. G.
Once again the famous lovers were
embroiled in a snarl of international
intrigue. Two days after they drove
away from Seville in Carol's Amer
ican-built automobile and did not
come back, embarrassed authorities
permitted word to trickle out of
Spain tonight the former playboy
king and his long-time mistress
evidently had made good their es
cape.
