# Students Invited To Peace Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
Stanford students who are inter
ested in impregnable home defense
to secure American democracy are
invited to become members of the
American First Committee, organ
ized to give Americans who are in
terested in keeping their country out
of war a chance to express their
opinions and ideas.
The local chapter at 444 Univer
sity Avenue is furnished with in
formation and literature about our
foreign policy and present issues
before Congress by the national or
ganization, which includes such
famous people as Captain Edward
Rickenbacker, Mrs. Burton K.
Wheeler, Irvin S. Cobb, and Kath
leen Norris. Tuesday night a mass
meeting will be held at the Com
munity Center at 8 o'clock.
