# ASSU Finance Aide Position Available
## 
### 
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
Applications for assistant student
financial manager may be picked up
in the ASSU office beginning today
and must be returned by Saturday
noon, Oct. a.
Salary for the position, appointed
by the Student Financial Manager
Bill Tooley, is ij!.'!!) per month.
Tile job entails coordinating die
work ol stud nt treasurer and social
chairman. Sophomores, juniors oi
seniors and Loth men and women
may apply.
