# Glaser Named Academy Fellow
## 
### 
The election of Dr. Robert J.
Glaser as a Fellow of the Ameri
can Academy of Arts and Sciences
has been announced in Boston. Dr.
Glaser will become vice president
for medical affairs and dean of
the Stanford University School of
Medicine July 1.
Currently, Dr. Glaser is presi
dent of the Affiliated Hospitals
Center, Inc., in Boston and pro
fessor of social medicine at Har
vard University
Dr. Glaser was one of 140 lead
ers of scholarship, the profes

sions, business and international
affairs to be elected to member
ship in the Academy. Of the total,
120 Americans were elected to
Fellowship while 20 distinguished
persons from 14 other countries
were elected to Foreign Honorary
Membership.
The American Academy of Arts
and Sciences, America's second
oldest learned society, was
founded in Boston in 1780 by John
Adams and other revolutionary
leaders of the Massachusetts Bay

Colony. It was modeled after the
learned societies of Europe, as
the French Academy or the Royal
Society of London.
Its other members from the
Stanford University School of
Medicine are Dr. Arthur Rom
berg, professor and executive
head of the department of gen
etics, and Dr. Karl H. Pribram,
professor of psychiatry. In addi
tion, 23 other faculty members of
Stanford University are members
of the Academy.
