# Sigma Chi Captures '64-'65 Mural Crown With 321 Points
## 
### 
Winning their league's cham
pionship in softball, volleyball
and water polo, Sigma Chi com
piled 120 points in spring intra
murals to win the 1965 Univer
sity Intramural Championship
with a total of 321 points. Last
year FZI Capitan won with 495
points.
Theta Delta Chi was second and
Soto house finished an amazing
third close behind Theta Delt.
The freshmen from Soto were
a strong first in Spring competi
tion, winning their water polo,
baseball, and volleyball leagues
while running away with the uni
versity track crown. Soto was
also University champ in water
polo.
Two graduate groups won the
championships in softball and 1
horseshoes. The Village Idiots ,
took Ihe softbal! trophy, and the
Neutrinos won the horseshoes ,
competition.
Beta Theta Pi won the six-man
volleyball tournament. The Betas
had to beat 12 other league win
ners to claim the championship.
In Swimming, the Fiji's won the
title.
The highest point getter spring 1
quarter among tho eating clubs
was El Cuadro with 109 points.
Don nor lead the Stern Houses
with 98 points. Cro Mem scored
111.
On their way to the intramural
title, Sigma Chi won the football
championship fall quarter. Win
ter quarter they came in second
in wrestling and went to the Semi

finals in basketball.
The results of the tennis tour
nament are not in yet. They may
affect the seventh, eighth, ninth,
and tenth in the intramural stand
ings.
YEAR'S Kl MMARV
Points
1. Sigma Chi 321
2. Theta Delta Chi 302
3. Soto 292 1 2
4. Alpha Biz 232
5. Donner 209
6. Cro Mem 205
