# TWO PROFESSORS TO BE ADDED TO STAFF OF HISTORY FACULTY
## 
### 
The President's Office today an
nounced two notable additions to the
History Department faculty, Professor
Edward Maslin llulme, a graduate of
Stanford, now hfcad of the History De
partment and Dean of the College of
Letters and Science at the University
of Idaho, and Professor Frank Colder,
who is at present in Europe as agent of
the Hoover War Library, collecting
books and documents relating to the his
tory of the World War. Both of these
men will begin teaching in October.

Professor Hulme was born in Lon
don, England, and graduated from Stan
ford in 1897. After leaving Stanford he
pursued graduate study at Harvard and
later at Cornell, from which college he
received his master's degree in 1902.
For several years after leaving Stanford
he taught in the high school and later
joined the history faculty of the Uni
versity of Idaho. Professor Hulme will
come here as Associate Professor of
Medieval History. Professor Hulme is
the author of a number of books, the
most notable being, "The Renaissance,
the Protestant Revolution and the Cath
olic Reaction in Continental Europe."

Dr. Golder will he Associate Profes
sor of Modern History. TTe was horn in
Russia, hut came to the United States
when he was three years old. He is a
graduate of Harvard and received his
Ph.D. there. Professor Golder has also
studied abroad at Paris and Berlin. He
has taught in a number of American uni
versities.
Dr. E. D. Adams, head of the History
Department at Stanford, says of Dr.
Golder, "He will he able to direct re
search in materials secured from the
countries of central Kurope in which he
has been working and in which it is evi
dent the most critical conditions of Ku
rope may he expected for a good many
years."
