# DAILEY IS GOLF CAPTAIN
## 
### 
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
Warren Dailey was voted the 1955
captain of the Stanford golf team at
a meeting held last week. The Cards
will again be defending PCC cham
pions. Ron Luceti was elected the
captain of the '55 freshman team.
