# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Wanda Davidson, '55,
to Bill Floyd, '55, Phi Delt.
