# Farm Conferences Enter 23rd Season
## 
### 
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
With the meeting in Phoenix, Ari
zona, on Jan. 23, the 23rd season of
the Stanford Conferences will get
under way.
Sponsored jointly by the Univer
sity, the Stanford Alumni Associa
tion, and local Stanford clubs, the
conferences include lectures by out
standing Farm faculty on develop
ments of interest within their spe
cialties, and are designed to be "in
tellectually stimulating and enter
tainingi"
This year, the conference pro
gram, tailored to the interests of
specific areas, will be given before
audiences composed of alumni,
friends of Stanford, students, and
their families in Phoenix, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Salt Lake City, Denver,
Monterey, San Diego, Los Angeles,
Sacramento, Modesto, Seattle, Port
land, finishing up with a final pro
gram on the campus May 21.
