# Special Body To Open Study
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP)â€”A
special inter-American commission
announced tonight that, it would
leave early tomorrow to make an
on-the-spot investigation of a land
and air invasion of Costa Rica from
neighboring Nicaragua.
The decision was made by five
members of a special investigating
commission named for the ticklish
chore by President Jose A. Mora of
the Council of the Organization of
American States.
Earlier, an emergency session of
the Council voted to call an extra
ordinary meeting of American for
eign ministers to consider the inva
sion and its possible threat to hemi
spheric peace. The date and place
will be set later.
Meantime, the Council made itself
a provisional body to act under the
Inter-American Treaty of Recipro
cal Assistance.
The action was taken after study
ing reports that land and air invad
ers had struck 35 miles into Costa
Rica.
Acting quickly after its appoint
ment, the five - man investigating
committee chose Ambassador Luis
Quintanilla of Mexico as its chair
man and arranged to depart for San
Jose, Costa Rica, at 6 a.m. EST.
Commission members said they
expect to be in Costa Rica and Ni
caragua at least eight days.
Representatives of both Costa Rica
and Nicaragua said they would wel
come the investigation of the Coun
cil commission. Nicaragua has dis
claimed any part in the Costa Rica
disturbance, claiming it is a domes
tic uprising.
