# VETERANS RETURN TO FORM NUCLEUS OF U. C. CAGE TEAM
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, I
Nov. 9. —With five men eligible to
form the nucleus of the varsity basket
ball squad next season, the chances
for California to retain its title as
champion of the Pacific Coast are ex-!
ceptionally bright. The veterans,
headed by Captain Benny Holmes, for
ward, are: Fechter, guard; Carver,
guard; Higgins, center; and Watson,
forward.
The experienced players, together
with a host of new aspirants and the
usual quota from the freshman team
last spring, are practicing nightly in
Harmon gymnasium. "Nibs" Price will
again coach the Bears in the cage
game.
Over fifty aspirants are out for the
freshman team under Harbld Belasco, j
assistant coach, who is handling the i
reins until Clint Evans is relieved of
his duties as football mentor of the
first-year team.
