# JORDAN CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
j The Jordan Club, a graduate club of
biology students, will meet Tuesday at
4:15 o'clock In Room 460, Botany,
building. Papers will be read by Her- 1
bert Warren of the Zoology department
on "The Studies in Arteinia" and by >
Mrs. Sadie Patek of the Anatomy de
| partment on "The Angle of Gait in
Women." Upperdassmen and graduate 1
students and faculty are invited. The
club was organized in 1911 for seniors
and graduates in biology. Programs
consist of papers by students engaged
in research work.
