# For the record
## 
### 
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
An article that was printed
Friday, Oct. 29, in The Daily
misstated that the Stanford Col
lege Republicans have 80 mem
bers. In fact, the group has 200;
80 students attended the first
meeting, according to Dan
Bergstresser, membership
director.
