# PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE MAY SHORTEN SCHEDULE
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2 (UP) —Pacific Coast League directors will hold
their annual meeting Oct. 19 at Oakland and probably decide whether to
adopt a shorter schedule, the baseball loop's president said today.
