# HUSKIES FACE TOUGH UCLA
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 2 (UP)—
Scout Jim DeAngelis told Washing
ton Coach Howie O'Dell today the
Huskies would run up against "the
toughest defense I have seen in
West Coast play" when they clash
with the UCLA Bruins in an im
portant conference game here Sat
urday.
