# Car Production Cut
## 
### 
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
DETROIT — Spokesmen for the
automobile industry said tonight
tint the nation's rearmament drive
may cut production of cars and
trucks by 10 to 15 per cent within
the next 12 months.
C. E. Wilson, president of Gen
eral Motors Corporation, estimated
that the cut would be "at least 10
por cent within the next year."
Other spokesmen believed it would
be more.
"We are already hampered by a
shortage of steel, nickel, and rub
ber," one auto maker said. "It
hasn't shown up yet in our output,
but it may before long.
