# Manoogian Out With Bad Knee
## 
### 
Stanford's impressive win over
USF's hapless Dons Saturday was
not without its setbacks. Norm
outstanding sophomore.
Card lineman, came out of the p.me
with a strained ligament in his
knee, and may be out of action fo"
two weeks. Leon King also came up
with a chipped bone in his wrist,
but was able to scrimmage today.
On the credit side of the ledger,
co-captain Gordy White, who sat
out last Saturday's tussle with a
sore ankle, should be at a hundred
per cent efficiency for this Satur
day's conference opener against
OSC at Corvallis.
The varsity reserves ran through
an hour's scrimmage yesterday af
ternoon, while the first two teams
held dummy scrimmage.
