# SIRO Opens Book Drive For Foreign Schools
## 
### 
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
SIRO's drive to collect books for
European and Philippine universi
ties begins today.
Students are asked to donate
textbooks by placing them in boxes
in livint; groups, in the main li
brary, and in front of the Cellar.
