# Changes In Classrooms Affect Three Courses
## 
### 
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
Following the first day of instruc
tion, several changes in classrooms, i
differing from the anonuncements in j
the time schedule, have been made.
Elements of Sociology, given by
Professor Lapiere of the Economics
department, is to meet in room 231
instead of room 286 as scheduled.
Economics 126, Money and Bank
ing, given by Professor Shaw at 10
o'clock, is to meet in room 268 from ,
this date on.
