# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
Ray Edwards, '.'l2, under whose
signature a letter appeared yester
day in the Daily's Campus Opinion
column, wishes to state that he had
no part in its writing, and that the
sentiments expressed therein are not
his. The Daily is glad to make this
correction.
