# JOURNAL CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
interesting summer trips featured j
the first fall meeting of the Journal
Club yesterday afternoon. The or
ganization is composed of graduate
students in geology.

Calfornia's football squad is the
largest in tho history of that institu
tion.
