# DIRECTOR SEES LARGE CAST IN DRAMATIC BID
## George Leavens And Joe Lawry Given Parts; Over 100 Apply 
### 
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
The Stanford dramatic season Rot
off to an auspicious start last night
in the Little Theatre, when more
than a hundred candidates appeared
in search of parts in Harold Hel
venston's first production of the
year, "Death Takes a Holiday."

The turnout was so tremendous
that Helvenston was able to cast
only two parts definitely. The role
of Eric Fenton, described as an in
teresting young English gentleman,
will be filled by George Leavens.
Leavens is remembered for his
Prince Paris in the highly success
ful production of "Romeu. and
Juliet"; he was also a member of
the cast of "Parade," a play of the
summer season.

Joe Lawry has been cast in the
part of Corrado, one of the most
interesting characters in the play, a
young Italian gentleman. Lawry's
last appearance on the local stage
was in "The Mistress of Briony," in
which he did an excellent piece of
work.

There remain eleven parts in
"Death Takes a Holiday" yet to be
cast, and for these parts try-outs
will be held tonight in the Little
Theatre at 7:15 o'clock. Those who
did not appear last night and wish
to do so, and the following are
called back to appear at the same
hour:

For the men's parts: Stan Beau
baire, Henry Brill, Richard Clare,
George Cobb, Howard Custer, Val
lejo Gantner, Carter Meyer, Harry
Stark, William Williams, and Joseph
Wolfe.
For women's parts: Muriel Adams,
Mildred Ashworth, June Birchard,
Elizabeth Chapin, Catherine Clift,
Barbara Collins, Max-y Anne Crary,
Jane Dearing, Jane Desenberg, Beu
lah Dimmitt, Eleanor Furst, Nancy
Jones, Marian Jones, Julia Keenan,
Ann King, Carmelita Lane, Mary
Anita Loos, June, Lowell, Anne
Southard; Mary Louise Stewart, Jo
sephine Wilson, Virginia Wilson,
Mary Elizabeth Wright, and Lucy
Young.
Those whose names do not ap
pear above are requested to look at
the bulletin board in front of the
Green Room, in the event that
others are called back.
