# Library Gains Valuable Volumes During Summer
## 
### 
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
Several new improvements and
additions have been made to the
library this September, both in
books and in the building itself.
There have been constant new ad
ditions to the books in all the de
partments during the summer.

Commemorating the centennial of
Sir Walter Scott's death, is an ex
hibit of valuable first editions and
:>ld books with interesting engrav
ings by the famous illustrator,
Cruikshank, and others from the
Felton Library.
