# It's Just A Tuber
## 
### 

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)

This potato, when dressed up a
bit, bears a remarkable resemb
lance to Mahntma Gandhi of India.
It was found on the Lulu Island
farm, near Vancouver, B. C., of D.
Eastce. (Associated Press Photo)
