# President's Reception To Be Given Friday Evening
## 
### 
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
The annual freshman reception,
given by the president of the Uni
versity, to all freshmen and new
students has been announced by
President Swain for Friday evening
of this week.
The reception will be held at the
president's home, 634 Mirada, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. According
to Dr. Swain there will be oppor
tunity for dancing and refreshments.
