# Alpha Meets.
## 
### 
Alpha Literary Society met Sat
urday evening and the following
program was carried out: The reg
ular <L'hate was on the question,
"Resolved, That t he commercial and
industrial development of Kastern
Asia will affect Occidental interests
injuriously"; Messrs. Wells, '1)7,
and Merry, 'Wil, were on theaHirma
tive, and Messrs. Whitaker, ".'V),
and O. Leiter, ".)!), held the neg
ative: the negative side was vic
torious. Snedden, '07, spoke ex
temporaneously on means of re
viving interest in the Caruot medal
contest; O'Xeil, '97, on, "Is the
farmer's alleged claim to first con
sideration in the monetary question
exaggerated?"; Ortschild, 't)9, on
the most commendable actions of
the two presidential candidates.
Alpha Literary Society met Sat
urday evening and the following
program was carried out: The reg
ular <L'hate was on the question,
"Resolved, That t he commercial and
industrial development of Kastern
Asia will affect Occidental interests
injuriously"; Messrs. Wells, '1)7,
and Merry, 'Wil, were on theaHirma
tive, and Messrs. Whitaker, ".'V),
and O. Leiter, ".)!), held the neg
ative: the negative side was vic
torious. Snedden, '07, spoke ex
temporaneously on means of re
viving interest in the Caruot medal
contest; O'Xeil, '97, on, "Is the
farmer's alleged claim to first con
sideration in the monetary question
exaggerated?"; Ortschild, 't)9, on
the most commendable actions of
the two presidential candidates.
Alpha Literary Society met Sat
urday evening and the following
program was carried out: The reg
ular <L'hate was on the question,
"Resolved, That t he commercial and
industrial development of Kastern
Asia will affect Occidental interests
injuriously"; Messrs. Wells, '1)7,
and Merry, 'Wil, were on theaHirma
tive, and Messrs. Whitaker, ".'V),
and O. Leiter, ".)!), held the neg
ative: the negative side was vic
torious. Snedden, '07, spoke ex
temporaneously on means of re
viving interest in the Caruot medal
contest; O'Xeil, '97, on, "Is the
farmer's alleged claim to first con
sideration in the monetary question
exaggerated?"; Ortschild, 't)9, on
the most commendable actions of
the two presidential candidates.
Alpha Literary Society met Sat
urday evening and the following
program was carried out: The reg
ular <L'hate was on the question,
"Resolved, That t he commercial and
industrial development of Kastern
Asia will affect Occidental interests
injuriously"; Messrs. Wells, '1)7,
and Merry, 'Wil, were on theaHirma
tive, and Messrs. Whitaker, ".'V),
and O. Leiter, ".)!), held the neg
ative: the negative side was vic
torious. Snedden, '07, spoke ex
temporaneously on means of re
viving interest in the Caruot medal
contest; O'Xeil, '97, on, "Is the
farmer's alleged claim to first con
sideration in the monetary question
exaggerated?"; Ortschild, 't)9, on
the most commendable actions of
the two presidential candidates.
