# Preview
## 
### 
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
Wednesday
News

The University of California is considering
eliminating the SAT and ACT from its admis
sions criteria. Does this affect Stanford appli
cants? Read about it in tomorrow's Daily
