# Camera Club to See Views
## 
### 
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
Camera Club will show a set of in
teresting stereopticon views of the
Yosemite at their next meeting, which
will he held in Room 4(!0 of the Bot
any building, next Monday at 7:30
p.m. The views, which are sent out
by the San Francisco Camera Club,
will be explained as they are thrown
on the screen and any questions con
cerning them will be answered.
Everyone is welcome, and is cordially
invited to attend.
