# LOCAL DRAMATICS AT HIGH POINT TONIGHT
## COACH WELL PLEASED "Cinderella Man" Raises Status of Sword and Sandals Theatricals 
### 
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
Expectations are high for a thrill
when the curtain rises on the first
scene of "The Cinderella Man" at 8:15
tonight in the Stanford Assembly
Hall. Coach Frank L. Mathieu has
expressed himself as well pleased
with the progress the cast has made
and hopes for a star performance.
His experienced cast has worked up
well and, undoubtedly, a new stand
ard will be set for Sword and San
dals dramatics.
The seat sale for the production has
been remarkable, considering the
war, but there are still a few good
seats left. These may be procured at
the nominal sum of 50c, 75c, and $1,
plus the 10 per cent war tax levied
on all amusements.
The cast for"The Cinderella Man"
includes several veterans of campus
dramatics. Miss Florence Mason, E.
R. Martin. Miss Helen Westerman,
Harry Buffum, "Roxie" Davis, A. I).
Wilkie, and "Peg" Whealton. New
faces who will appear in the cast in
clude L. L. Pickering, who is taking
the man's lead, and Miss Alice De
Bernardi.
