# Pond to Speak On Challenges Of Executives
## 
### 
Samuel Pond, assistant dean of
(he Graduate School of Business,
will be a guest speaker in the
Tresidder program lounge this
afternoon at 4:30. This informal
lecture, one of the Monday after
noon coffee hour series presented
by the Program Division of Tre
sidder Union, is entitled, “The
Challenge of Executive Work.”
“Unless you’re some kind of a
hermit,” states Dean Pond, “your
executive and creative powers
must be exercised in some kind
of an organization,” often in a
business environment. “Many
students have come to have a
false image of life within the or
ganization, and the reverse of
their popular conception may be
true,” states Pond.
Pond is of the opinion that the
business environment is becom
ing increasingly challenging due
to recent innovations and grow
ing demands, and executives are
meeting this change as their jobs
become more technical; their po
sitions are not static. Today’s
business schools are trying to
prepare innovative, creative ex
ecutives for the challenging po
sitions of fifteen to twenty years
in the future.
Pond, who has boon assistant
dean of Stanford’s Graduate
School of Business for three
years, was director of personnel
for two companies before coming
| to this university. Terming him
j.self a "businessman turned acad
emician in recent years,” he
claims to speak from this busi
ness background.
