# House panels approve new aid to Contras
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two
House panels gave unusually
routine approval yesterday to a
$49.7 million aid package for Nic
aragua's Contra rebels designed
to carry out an agreement be
tween President Bush and the
Democratic-controlled Congress.
The House Foreign Affairs
Committee approved the aid pack

age — always a source of virulent
contention in the past — on a
32-to-6 vote, and the Appropria
tions foreign operations subcom
mittee gave voice-vote approval to
the package, which is expected to
come before the full House on
Thursday.
The money is to keep up the
flow of food, clothing and
medicine to the roughly 11,000

rebel fighters encamped in Hon
duras along the Nicaraguan bor
der through February of next
year, when the leftist Sandinista
regime has promised to hold na
tional elections.
It may be used, as well, to sup
port "voluntary reintegration" of
the rebels into Nicaraguan polit
ical life, assuming promised elec
toral and media reforms are made

by the Sandinista government.
Under the agreement an
nounced March 24 at the White
House, the money may be cut off
if the rebels engage in human
rights abuses or in offensive mil
itary action.
The bill would require no new
money, instead transferring the
aid funds from various Pentagon
accounts.
