# Fraternity men 'go fly kites' for community service
## 
### 
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
On Saturday, April 1, the Peninsula
Open Space Trust held a family kite
flying festival on Windy Hill Open
Space Preserve. Volunteers from Kappa
Alpha Fraternity did an outstanding
job helping to park cars and assist
young children with their kites.
On behalf of the trust, I would like
to publicly thank the members who
helped out. They did a wonderful job.
Harriet Howell
Director of Development, Peninsula
Open Space Trust
