# China Found at Harvard May Indicate Seal Design
## 
### 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (I.P.).—Work
men digging on the Harvard campus re
cently unearthed a number of bits of china
apparently used in old Harvhrd dining
halls, which bore pictures of Harvard
buildings as they appeared about the mid
dle of the last century.. President Lowell
aided in investigating whether the relics
would be of value in sketching the deco
rations for a new university plate.
