# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
Piping hot drinks are injurious to
the stomach, says a Northwestern
University doctor.
