# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
The University of Kansas recently
held a debate on the question of the
abolition of the campus publication.
The negative side favoring the pub
lication won.
