# Sigmund Beel, Violinist, Plays at Faculty Dinner
## 
### 
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
Mr. Sigmund Beel, well-known vio
linist;, gave a series of Beethoven
Sonatas after the Faculty Dinner held
Tuesday evening at Roble. He was
accompanied on the piano by Mr. Me-
Manus, head of the Music Department
at Mills.
