# MEIKLEJOHN TO SPEAK AT SUMMER LECTURE
## 
### 
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn, professor of
philosophy at the University of Wiscon
sin, has been securcd to speak at one of
the regular Tuesday evening lectures dur
ing the summer.
This will be Dr. Meiklejohn's sccond
visit to Stanford, he having addressed a
University assembly several years ago on
"Democracy and Excellency." During the
summer, he will conduct regular courses
in Philosophy at the University of Cali
fornia.
