# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
Compulsory chapel except for the
first semester has been abolished at
the University of Chicago.
