# LEILA ANDERSON WILL BE GUEST OF Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
Miss Leila Anderson of St. Mar
garet's House in Berkeley will be
(he guest of the Y.W.C.A. Cabinet at
supper this evening at the regular
cabinet meeting in the Y.W.C A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Ben Allen,
resident secretary, will be unable
to be present at the meeting on
acount of illness.
