# Whist Club.
## 
### 
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
The following notice appeared in
the Daily Californian yesterday:
"The attention of all whist play
ers of the university is called to
the trophy which Mr. P. 1\ Tormay
of the American Whist League has
offered to be competed for by Stan
ford University and the Univer
sity of California. The university
whist club will meet for reorgan
isation today. All devotees of the
game, whether freshmen or upper
classmen, should attend this meet
ing A trophy to be competed for
can mean nothing but another
trophy for California."
