# News of the Stock Farm.
## 
### 
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
Mr. Covey, foreman of the Stock
Farm, went yesterday to conduct
the sale of a band of twenty-four
brood mares from the Palo Alto
farm which have been on exhibition
at the State Fair at Sacramento.
Mr. Covey will return tomorrow.
