# PARKING ORDINANCE VIOLATORS TAGGED
## 
### 
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
Three cars were tagged Sunday for
parking in front of the Library steps,
and according to Campus Traffic Officer
Gordon Davis, this area is for the use
of pedestrians only. Students are not
permitted to drive up the walk and
deposit passengers in front of the Li
brary or to park their cars in this
pedestrian area.
All persons who violate this regula
tion will be subject to the customary
fine of one dollar, and all violators of
the parking ordinance who fail to ap
pear before the men's council at the
time designated will have their fines
doubled.
