# SWIMMING POPULAR COURSE IN SUMMER STATISTICS INDICATE
## 
### 
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
Swimming is the most popular course
offered in the Summer Quarter by the
Men's Physical Education Department,
according to figures released today by
Dr. T. H. Storey. Tennis ranks second
with Applied Physical Education and
Hygiene third.
Dr. Storey's report shows a total
registration of 267 men, which is con
siderably lower than that of the previ
ous year. Of this number 161 are regis
tered in activities courses and 106 in
informational and method courses.
Assistant Swimming Coach Norton
Thornton, who is in charge of the pool
this summer, has 70 men enrolled in
his advanced and elementary swim
ming classes and over 30 in Physical
Education 1 and 101. He estimates that
nearly 400 men find their way to the
pool daily.
Tennis has a registration of 38 men,
according to Elwyn B. Bugge, instruc
tor. He announces that 23 of the men
are taking advanced work and the re
mainder elementary.
The rest of the enrollment is dis
tributed among calesthenics classes and
the various courses such as Football
and Basketball methods.
