# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
Nm's from
LUNDIN-
Mcßridc
11 s spi ink ' unclin
Mcßride! Come sec
our fresh blooming
windows of spring
fashions, and our
store, chock full of
spring suits, dresses,
sportswear. Give
youi sel f a lift, your
wardrobe, too.
150 University Ave.
Palo Alto
