# '57 TALENT TRYOUTS
## 
### 
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
The freshman class will hold try
outs for a class variety show,
scheduled for April 29 and 30, to
morrow, Friday, and Saturday. In
terested freshmen should come to
the Women's Clubhouse auditorium
from 7 to 10 p.m. Thursday, and
from 3 to 5 p.m. on Friday; and
Room c 2 in Cubberlcy from 1 to 3
p.m. on Saturday.
