# Papers by Snodgrass.
## 
### 
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
Mr. Robert E. 8 nod grass, assis
tant in the department of Ento
mology, has written in the past
year several studies, published hy
the Washington Academy of Sci
ences, on specimens collected on
the Galapagos expedition of 1898—
1899. These are "Arachnida" by
Nathan Bank, with the field-notes
by Mr. Snodgrass. All of the spid
ers of this species are described.
"The relation of the food to the
size and shape of the bill in the
Galapagos Genus Geospera "is
treated. "Notes on the Anatomy
of Geospiza, Cocornis, and Certhi
dia," has four descriptive plates.
In"The Birds of Clipperton and
Cocos Islands," the location of the
islands, their formation, and cli
mate, are described. A system
atic account of the birds inhabit
ing these islands follows, covering
their description and range.
"Schistocerca, Sphingonotus, and
Halmenus," treats of these insects
in detail, showing the diagnosis of
races and their relationships.
There is one plate with drawing by
Miss Mary Wellman.
"A List of Land Birds from Cen
tral Washington," deals with the
birds in the canon of the Columbia
river. The expedition sent out was
equipped and maintained by the
Washington Agricultural College.
