# Pre-Reg
## 
### 
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
The Registrar's Office has an
nounced that the deadline for
picking up class cards from ad
visors is this Wednesday. Class
lists may be signed beginning
November 28. Times for Fresh
men and Sophomores will be
stamped on the cards as before.
Juniors, Seniors and Grads have
their times listed in the Time
Schedule. The deadline for sign
ing is noon, December 5.
