# Huss Hustles
## 
### 

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.

Quad Photo by Bruce Howard

John Huss (45) slips through Cal defenders Dan
Golch (72) and Larry lieis (56) for 28 yards to set
lip a Stanford touchdown. You would believe that
the two teams were on the field at this point,
although later the mud coating left only the hel
mets a* distinguishing markers between the two
teams.
