# Cal Bear Dunked In Papoose Polo
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman water
poloists, 10-4 after their upset
win over Cal last Friday, played
two games in the opening night
of the Northern California
Closed Water Polo Tournament
last night.
The Stanford varsity travels
to San Francisco State tonight
to face Cal and the SF Olympic
Club to start the.NorCal Open
Tournament.
The frosh played SF State in
their first game. The Stanford
varsity opened their season with
a 31-1 romp over the Golden
Gaters. The Papooses should not
have been hard pressed.
Should the freshmen win their
second game (probably against
the Cal Club), they will advance
to Wednesday evening play
against Cal and the San Jose
frosh.
The varsity cleaned Cal, 9-1,
last weekend, but must, do so
again to reach final playoffs
Wednesday.
