# Athletes to Meet
## 
### 
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
Assistant Director of Athletics
Chuck Taylor has requested that
all Stanford athletes engaged in
Intercollegiate athletics attend a
meeiing in the Pavilion at 4:43
p.m. Friday.
The group will discuss many
questions on ttie intercollegiate
sports level, and it is hoped thai
a final decision will be reached
on the new athletic awards ques
tion.
