# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No promises
Women's tennis promises to
slam a few Weenies today.
Sports, page 10

no demands
A profile on some good
natured senior swimmers.
page 7


No promises
Women's tennis promises to
slam a few Weenies today.
Sports, page 10

no demands
A profile on some good
natured senior swimmers.
page 7


No promises
Women's tennis promises to
slam a few Weenies today.
Sports, page 10

no demands
A profile on some good
natured senior swimmers.
page 7


No promises
Women's tennis promises to
slam a few Weenies today.
Sports, page 10

no demands
A profile on some good
natured senior swimmers.
page 7


No promises
Women's tennis promises to
slam a few Weenies today.
Sports, page 10

no demands
A profile on some good
natured senior swimmers.
page 7


