# Chaparral Goofs As Campus Waits
## 
### 
The Chappie is late.
Any reputation for accurate
prediction is forthwith summa
rily destroyed. But the perpetra
tors of this vile deed promise us
a wealth of belly-laughter when
Ihe abstract red cover and its
mysterious contents infiltrate the
campus netx Wednesday, if we
should wait that lons-
Insurrection on the staff may
indeed be the cause for such un
precedented lateness. But from
the decomposed wooden office
across the street comes word that
the founder and first editor of
lhe Chaparral passed away last
November at his home in Ithaca,
New York.
They didn't tell us. And who
knows what more they may be
withholding for their "Fourth
Estate" issue?
All (his suspense for a laugh,
and like that.
