# Yale Glee Club Coming West.
## 
### 
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
It is announced that the Yale
faculty has consented to allow the
glee and banjo clubs of the uni
versity to include Los Angeles and
San Francisco in their Christmas
itinerary. This will be the long
est trip which the clubs have ever
made.
