# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


It just
It just keeps rollin' — the
men's basketball team beat
Washington State.
page 9

keeps getting
The wrestling team keeps
getting better, as they proved
at the Country Classic Open.
page 9

worse
There are few things worse
than violence against cows,
says Thai Bui.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Partly
* sunny Hiqhs in
,j 50s
Tuesday: More of
Jj the same.


