# Union to Serve Game Day Lunches
## 
### 
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
Following the policy customarily
observed on important football days,
the Union main dining room will be
open for luncheon from 12 to 1 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 14, preceding the
U.C.L.A. game, according to Miss
Christine Ricker, director of din
ing halls and of the Stanford Union.
This service is designed for the
convenience of faculty and students
who may be entertaining out-of
town guests the day of the game.
