# Administration Plans For Migrant Housing
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10 (UP).—
The Farm Security Administration
tonight announced additional fa
cilities would be built early next
year at its Yuba City and Firebaugh
camps for migrant families. The
plans disclosed here indicated 10
apartment - type homes would be
added to the 14 similar two-story
six-family housing units already
under construction at the camp sites
