# Trustee To Speak On Lawyers' Duty
## 
### 
Tho Honorable Ben C. Duniway,
Stanford Trustee and Judge of the
United States Circuit Court of
Appeals, will deliver an address
today on, 'The Professional Re
sponsibilities of the Lawyer," at
11:00 a.m. in Room 161 J.
The speech will give those who
are not lawyers an idea of what
can be expected of lawyers in
their communities.
Judge Duniway earned his law
degree from Stanford in 1931,
won a Rhodes Scholarship to Ox
ford and obtained his B.A. degree
there in 1933 before returning to
San Francisco to practice law.
During World War 11, Judge
Duniway served the Office of
Price Administration in San Fran
cisco and Washington. He was
awarded the President's certifi
cate of Merit for his work.
