# Varsity to Play Presidio.
## 
### 
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
Stanford will play the Presidio!
baseball nine to-morrow afternoon!
at 3 o'clock on the Presidio dia
mond in San Francisco. The
soldier team will be composed of
practically the same men that theS
Varsity defeated on the campus!
last spring. The battery of the!
Presidio team is composed of Myers,
pitcher, and Conrad, catcher. Fen
ton has recovered from his recent
illness and will play third base in
to-morrow's game.
