# BENEFIT PLAY TO BE IN NATURAL SETTING
## 
### 
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
Romance and beauty will character
ize the annual benefit this year for
the Stanford Convalescent Home,
when members of the auxiliary, board
present a modified version of "Mid
summer Night's Dream" at the Menlo
Park Circus Club, Saturday evening,
August 23.
The play will he given out-of-doors
in a natural setting. An amphitheatre
of 2(io boxes and seating arrangement
for 2,000 people will he constructed.
Proceeds, as heretofore, will be used
to provide funds for the home which
shelters and cares for sick and crip
pled children, according to Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins, who presided at the
board meeting in Palo Alto. Tuesday,
in the absence of Mrs. A. G. Hahn.
The benefit is one of the most im
portant social events of the year on
the Peninsula. This is the first time
that such an ambitious production as
"Midsummer Night's Dream" has been
staged.
