# STANFORD ORCHESTRA OPENS AT ST. FRANCIS
## 
### 
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
Neal Spaulding, MO, and his orches
tra, formerly on the campus, are now
playing in San Francisco nightly at,
the Embassy Ballroom of the St.
Francis. Spaulding opened al the St.. j
Francis this week, replacing the t
Laughner-Harris unit, and will be j
broadcasted over K(JO, San Francisco j
and Oakland, at II o'clock every eve
ning for an hour except Saturday and !
Sunday.
Spaulding was associated with Griff j
Williams in 192!) in writing tin tune
ful music for the Junior Opera, "Mov- ,
Jing On."
