# ANXIETY ON FINNISH BORDER
## 
### 

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.

WITII TENSION" RUNNING HIGH in the neutral countries uncom
fortably close to Russia and Germany, this sign on the Finnish -
Russian border assumes greater importance. Reports have it that to
cross the border here would invite bullets from the Soviet guards.
The sign carries its message in four languages.
