# STANFORD'S AERIAL THREATS
## 
### 


THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.



THEY SAY (hat the Uclans' aerial
show is really the powerful weap
on of the Bruins' grid attack, but
End Coach Jim Lawson may have
something in his sleeve in the way
of a counter-attack by air for to
morrow's contest. Coach Lawson,
upper left, has as his two main
proteges this year Andy Stojko
vich, above, and Stan Graff, left,
who may be in on the receiving
end of hoped-for Card touchdown
passes.
The Indian ends will also be
Stafford's strongest forte against
the touted end-running attack of
both the liruins' great negro run
ning backs.

