# Sophomores Sign Sterling Young
## 
### 
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
Sterling Young and his orchestra
have finally been contracted to play
for the "Gayway" Sophomore Cotil
lion, Nov. 3. Climaxing a week of
dickering, the Music Corporation of
America yesterday informed Lee
Champion, general chairman, that
Young would be able to make the
engagement, thus opening the Farm
social season.
Budget plans set the price of $2.50
for each ticket, (he same price per
couple as stipulated last year. These
tickets may be obtained at. the
A.S.S.U. office some time next week.
All persons interested in assisting
with any or all types of decorating
or dance preparation arc asked to
contact Chairman Champion at the-
Beta House.
