# Stewardess Burned Fatally in Auto
## 
### 
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11 (UP).—A 23-
year-old airline stewardess, Lor
raine Goodall, was found burned to
death in the tightly closcd and
smouldering interior of her automo
bile today.
When an autopsy failed to dis
close the cause of the former Santa
Rosa woman's death, the police
homicide squad ordered her vital or
gans sent to a pathologist for ex
amination.
