# APPOINTED
## 
### 

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.

Dr. Joseph S. Davis, for eight
years a director of the Stanford
University Food Research Institute,
has been appointed chief economist
of the federal farm board.
