# TO PROBE SHOOTING
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
SEATTLE, Jan. 2. (/Pi—No in
vestigation of the .shooting of
Philip L. Jourdin, federal narcotic
agent, by his co-worker, J. L. Jen
sen, New Year's Eve, will be made
until Jourdin is sufficiently recov
ered to be interviewed, Charles I).
Writesman, agent in charge of the
northwest division, said today.
Jourdin's condition was said to be
"fair" by his doctor.
