# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
Students of Oregon State College
recently held a debate, ''Resolved,
That women should pay halt' of
queening expenses."
