# Eielson Searchers Seek Reindeer Herders' Help
## 
### 
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
NOME, Alaska, Jan. 2. (/p) —Dog
teams from the motor ship Nanuk, j
frozen in tin* ice off North Cape,
Siberia, yesterday left' for inland
deer camps, discovered when air
plane flights were made over the 1
district in search of Carl Ben Eiel
son and Earl Borland, to enlist the
aid of the herders and their rein
deer teams in looking for the two
airmen.
Wireless messages from Marion
Swensen, Seattle high school girl,
marooned with her father, Ola I
Swensen, on the ship, said that
Joe Croßsoti and Harold Gillam I
had thoroughly covered the area J
by plane within cruising radius of
the vessel hut had been unable to
land near the deer camps to inter-;
view the herders.
