# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
LONDON, Jan. 2 (AP). — The
I'rince of Wales spent a busy day
paying farewell visits and supervis
ing the arrangements for his depar
ture tomorrow to resume the African
trip interrupted by King George's
illness more than a year ago. lie re
turned to the capital after spending
the Christmas holidays with King
George and Queen Mary at San
dringham. '
