# JAYHAWKS TROUNCE BEAR CAGERS, 36-25, IN SERIES OPENER
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 2 The
University of Kansas basketball team
won its third straight game of the
season here tonight when ft turned
back the University of California
quintet in the first of a three-game
series, 36-25.
The visitors, trailing at the half,
staged a rally in the second period
that might have proved effective but
for the brilliant shooting of Bishop,
Jayhawk forward, who accounted for
seven field goals. Purcell, California
forward, led his team's scorers with
three field goals. The Bears dis
played a neat passing game that was
rendered ineffective by the inability
of the forwards to hit the hoop.
