# HEARINGS RESUMED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Jan. I (A').
—Leaders in the telegraph and tele
phone fields will appear before the
Senate interstate commerce commit
tee next week when hearings are re
sumed on a bill by Chairman Couzens
to create a new federal communica
tions commission.
