# Tougher ethical standards for grads considered
## 
### Ken Yew Staff writer 
Tougher ethical standards for
the academic work of graduate
students, including harsher
penalties for ethical violations,
will be considered by a University
committee next month.
In a panel discussion on student
ethics Friday, Judicial Affairs Of
ficer Sally Cole said the Commit
tee on Graduate Studies will
debate in January whether to re
quire University judicial commit
tees to consider harsher penalties
for graduate students involved in

honor code violations than for un
dergraduates.
Stanford should be concerned
with the ethics of graduate stu
dents, Cole said, because "a Stan
ford [graduate] degree should say
something about ethical conduct,
and because we want to rely on
the integrity of our professionals."
Cole referred to a rule employed
in the Medical School in which
the judicial committee is told to
consider whether an offender is
suitable for the practice of medi
cine. Cole said the Medical School
i9 the only graduate school with
a statement explicitly outlining

such a requirement.
Physics Prof. Alexander Fetter,
chair of the Committee on Grad
uate Studies, said, "Honor code
violations by graduate students
strike me as a much more serious
violation of trust than (those by]
undergrads."
He said the closer interaction
between graduate students with
faculty, especially in conducting
research and publishing papers,
makes acts of plagiarism or fal
sifying data "much more offensive
or serious."
Education Prof. Nel Noddings
disagreed, saying, "Of course, of

fenses on the part of graduate
students seem more serious. But
if we go the route of having
greater official penalties on grad
uate students, it will send an un
fortunate message to undergrads,
saying, 'You're still kids, but
someday you'll be expected to be
have ethically.' "
Noddings also said such a pro
cedure would place a "tremendous
emphasis on penalties" and "con
centrate on those offenses that are
easiest to prosecute, like
plagiarism."
Noddings said Stanford should
consider "a whole range of ethical
life."
She said, "What if a student
makes remarks known to the pro
fessor to be discriminatory? Isn't
that a part of ethical life?"
Third-year law student Juan
Sabateur, co-chair of the Stanford
Judicial Council, agreed that
honor code violations by graduate
students are more serious. How
ever, he questioned how far be
yond strictly academic issues
Stanford can impose ethical
standards.
"Stanford can ensure that stu

dents are ethical in their work
standards," he said. "However,
generic ethics are difficult to
gauge. This would require value
judgments on the part of profes
sors and would require us to de
termine which issues are right or
wrong."
Noddings said the imposition of
broader ethical standards on grad
uate students would be problem
atic. However, she said there is a
need for students to learn about
the ethics of their profession.
Fetter added that Stanford also
has a responsibility to rehabilitate
honor code violators. "We're not
doing anything for rehabilita
tion," he said. "We let a student
go for a time on suspension and
let them back in, no questions
asked."
