# INSIDE
## 
### 
Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

Stop
Daily staffers at overseas
campuses take time out to
relate stories from abroad.
Stjinfnrri Ahtrrusri nanrn Q

Look
An open rehearsal of the
Dance Division production
'Scramble' will be Friday.
Can In ta rm ic-ciV-\r> caWi'nn

Listen
The high cost of global
warming is a problem de
manding public attention.

