# FORMER STANFORD MAN TO GIVE ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
I hursday afternoon's organ recital
at l:ir, in the Memorial Church u 'iH
present Leslie Grow, former Stanford
student, in a program of varied selec
t ions.
The recital will begjn with the al
legro movement from the C minor
Concerto by Handel. This number will
be followed by Romance and Minuet
from Symphonic No. 4 by Louis
Vierne. St. Ann's Fugue in E Flat by
lUieh and "Harmonies du Soil" by
Karg-Elert will also be played. Grow
will conclude his program with Wag
ner's famous Lifhcstod from "Tristan
and Isolde."
