# Untitled Article
## 
### 

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.

I'M A LITTLE TEAPOT. . . Freshman gymnast Nanci Goldsmith placed second in the all
around competition last week against UCLA. UCLA pulled out a close victory, winning
by only 6 points. Tonight at 7:30 the men's team will host the Japan National Gymnas
tics team which has several Olympic hopefuls.
