# California Schools Report New High In Enrollment
## 
### 
California's school enrollment
reached the record high total of
2.(135,589 during the 1949-50 school
term, Dr. Roy Simpson, state super
intendent of public instruction, an
nounced Friday.
In Santa Clara County, the total
enrollment in grades from kinder
garten including junior college and
special classes was 61,091, of which
30,989 were boys and 30,102 girls.
Simpson said the enrollment rep
resented a gain of 6,018 pupils over
the 1947-48 enrollments, or 10.9 per
cent.
Coupled with the huge enroll
ment of young people, 14,351 adults
in the county took advantage of the
state's educational system during
the school year, Simpson's report
showed.
The overall state increase in en
rollment, Simpson said, was 10 per
cent, as compared to an increase of
7.6 per cent for the preceding year.
In institutions of higher learning,
26,086 full-time students were en
rolled in state colleges, an increase
of 3,919, or 18 per cent, over the
previous year.
All campuses of the University of
California had 43,426 students, a-de
crease of 43 students under the pre
vious year.
