# REVIVAL SERIES
## 
### 
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
"Grand Illusion." a French classic
featuring Jean Cabin and directed
by Jean Renoir, will be the first
film shown in the Revival Series in
Cubberley Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
on June 29.
