# Untitled Article
## 
### 
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
CANBERRA, Australia, June 27
(UP) —Prime Minister Robert G.
Menzies announced today that Aus
tralia is sending a squadron of
heavy bombers to Malaya to help
combat Communist rebels there.
