# STUDENT EMPLOYMENT
## 
### 
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
The Student Employment Office
advises that several requests are on
file for Stanford girls who would be
interested in accompanying private
families to beaches or other resorts
during all or part of the summer
vacation.
Responsibilities vary but usually
include assistance with children and
light housework. Applicants should
contact the Employment Office,
Temporary Building C. Room 10.
