# Funeral Services Held for Sloan, Retired Professor
## 
### 
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
Funeral services were held yes
terday for William Henry Sloan,
emeritus professor of chemistry at
Stanford and a former student. He
was 73.
The late Professor Sloan was a
prominent figure at Stanford, from
the time he witnessed the laying of
the cornerstone to the day he grad
uated from the University in 1903.
He returned to take his Master's
degree the following year and then
went to Germany where he contin
ued his studies in Leipzig.
In 100G he joined the faculty at
Stanford. He retired early this year
as a full professor. His special field
of study was quantitative analysis.
Professor Sloan had served as
chairman of the administration
commission of the Department of
Chemistry, as chairman of the li
brary committee, and for several
years he was in charge of student
placement.
