# Official Notices
## CHEM REFUNDS 
### 
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
Refunds are now available on de
posits made for chemistry courses
during spring quarter. Students
may pick up their deposits at the
cashier's window at Encina Hall be
tween 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. today
through July 3.
