# WILL PHOTOGRAPH ECLIPSE OF SUN
## 
### 

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.

Dr. J. H. Moore, Lick Observatory astronomer, in the field near
Camptonville, with some of the equipment which will be used in taking
pictures of the sun's eclipse.
