# ECLIPSE IGNORED BY HARD-BOILED FACULTY TODAY
## 
### 
Extra! Extra! Eclipse hin
ders earnest students. Pro
fessors fail to declare cuts.
Darkness prevails in halls of
learning.
Examinations slated for II
o'clock this morning will have
to he administered under elec
tric light, if the calculations
of the astronomers are cor
rect, for the shadow of the
eclipse is predicted to appear
at that hour.
Complaints against, the cal
lousness of the faculty for not
declaring cuts are rampant in
many parts of the campus. A
good many students plan to
cut classes to witness the phe
nomenon, and one student is
reported to have said that
since total eclipses occur only
at intervals of every hundred
years or so, it would be a
crime to miss today's.
