# Quad.
## 
### 
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
Announcement lias been made nf the
engagement of Miss K. Bartle, ex-'l3,
of Monrovia, to R. H. Thrown, '10, of
Duarte. The marriage will take place
in the spring. Brown was leader of
the Glee Club in 1009 and is a member
of Theta Delta Chi.
Tire Women's Press Club has elected
to membership Miss Marjorie C. Dris
coll. '13, who is a member of the Se
quoil staff.
