# COACH NEEDED
## 
### 
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
Anyone interested in being a
part-time assistant crew coach is
requested to meet in the Nitery to
night at 7.
