# Sigma Delta Chi Elects Farm Men
## 
### 
Neal Van Sooy, class of '28, di
. ctor of the Stanford Alumni Asso
uion. was elected national vice
<\ idont of Sigma Delta Chi at the
-I norary journalism fraternity's
onvenlion in Chicago, it was an
nounced today. He was treasurer.
John M. McClelland, class of "1)7,
former associate editor of the Stan
ford Daily and now editor of the
Longview (Wash.) Daily News, was
chosen treasurer. Bill Hornby, a
graduate student in journalism at
Stanford, was a member of a spe
cial constitution and by-laws com
mittee.
By coincidence, the two oldest
delegates at the convention were
Stanford men and both former edi
tors of the Daily Palo Alto, fore
runner of the present Stanford
Daily.
They were O. C. Leiter, class of
'99. who represented the profession
al Sigma Delta Chi chapter of the
University of Illinois; and Bristow
Adams, class of 1500, representing
the Cornell chapter. Adams was one
of the founders of Chaparral.
