# spotlight
## 
### 
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
Parents who complain about their
weight have a direct effect on their
children's body image, experts say,
and jeopardize the way kids think
about food and dieting.
tk Parents don't think their kids are
listening to what they say about
themselves, but kids are," said Rivka
Simmons, teacher, counselor and di
rector of "Have Your Cake and Eat
It Too," an eating and body-image
workshop. "There's a hypersensitivi
ty about weight in society, but par
ents really have to watch what they
say around kids."
The children of these dieters are
learning a lot from their weight-ob
sessed parents. A Stanford University
School of Medicine study reported
that half of 8- to 11-year-olds wanted
to lose weight. About 66 percent of
high school girls and 17 percent of
boys are on diets, according to Pre
vention, a non-profit eating disor
ders association.
— San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 21
