# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
AMBROSE
WHITMER
Class '21
Announces
The opening of a school
for the instruction of pop
ular piano playing and
harmony.
0
Lessons by appointment
Special twenty lesson
course
•
Phone Exbrook 3653
408 Stockton St.
SAN FRANCISCO
