# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Is Your Typewriter
Doing Satisfactory
Work?
IF NOT
• Call our repair (depart
ment. Complete shop and
expert mechanic to take
care of your troubles on
any make of Typewriter.
GUARANTEED WORK
QUICK SERVICE
Machines Called For
And Delivered
Dial 4106
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
