# Fighting Bears Hold Touted Trojans To 6-0
## TROY ENDS WEAK AGAINST ACCURATE BLOCKING OF U. C. Ernie Pinckert And Rusty Gill Star Defensively In Berkeley Tilt 
### Westbrook Runyon 
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
Southern California has no ends.
That sweeping statement is not
literally true, of course, but because
the Trojan ends were far below the
standard of the rest of the South
erners' line, Coach Bill Ingram's
Golden Bears almost upset the Tro
jan applecart last Saturday.
Stanford rooters who remember
the Garrett Ai'belbide of 1929 and
1930, when he raised merry hades
with the Indian plays, would have
had difficulty recognizing the awk
ward, ineffectual giant who spent
most of Saturday afternoon on his
back, or futilely chasing California
safety men. Southern California
used Left Halfback Mallory at de
fensive end, moving Ray Sparling to
defensive half, and Mallory was
handcuffed by the Blue and Gold
interferers.
Pinckert Strong
Had it not been for Ernie- Pinck
ert, the Trojans' "blocking back,"
California runners would have been
off to the races time and again.
Pinckert's defensive work was sec
ond only to that of Rusty Gill, the
stormy petrel of Berkeley, who
played himself out in a marvelous
all-round exhibition.
California fought and Southern
California did not. The Trojans went
about their work perfunctorily, did
it well, too, but lacked that driving
spark that almost carried an in
ferior team to victory. At that, the
Bears might have won if George
Watkins had not slipped on the un
certain footing early in the first
quarter. Watkins was swinging wide
around Troy's left end three yards
from the goal line, but slipped and
fell as he tried to cut. Gill was held
on the next play, and U.S.C. took
the ball on her one-yard line.
The Bears did not do much to the
Trojan line between the tackles, hut
they did run the pants off thos'j
ends, especially on punt returns.
First Kirwan, then Smith, then Kir
wan got away from the maroon
jerseyed flankmen for long run
backs, and neither of the two is a
gazelle with the ball.
Southern California played con
servatively, breaking Mohler away
only once, for 24 yards, and indi
rectly, for the touchdown. Once
Shaver kicked on third down with
only a yard and a half to go, and
only rarely were passes thrown.
None were completed, and, inci
dentally, California completed none,
also.
California's line looked only fair,
but the secondary defense was the
best displayed in this neck of the
woods to date. Gill, Castro, and Me
danich cracked nearly every Trojan
runner that poked his nose through
the big holes in the Blue and Gold
forward wall. The Bears will be
tough for anybody from now on.
