# Edison's Son
## 
### 

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.

William L. Edison of Wilmington,
Del., son of the famous inventor,
was at his father's bedside when he
died.
