# HOOVER, LAVAL HOLD GOLD BASIS VITAL TO WORLD FINANCE
## 
### 
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
President Hoover and Premier La
val in their joint statement today
asserted that the essential factor in
the restoration of normal economic
life to the world rests on the gold
standard of France and the United
States.
The statement disclosed that the
statesmen had canvassed the whole
field of international affairs. Hope
was expressed for success of the
conference for limitation of arma
ments scheduled for Geneva in Feb
ruary.
It was agreed that in so far as in
tergovernmental debts are con
cerned "we recognize that prior to
the expiration of the Hoover year ol
postponement some agreement re
garding them may be necessary cov
ering the period of business depres
sion, as to the terms and conditions
of which the two governments make
all reservations."
The initiative for any extension of
a debt holiday was left to the Euro
pean powers principally concerned.
