# LAKE TAHOE LEVEL LOWEST IN HISTORY
## 
### 
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
RENO, Oct. 25. (/P)—'The level of
Lake Tahoe has dropped to 6,222
feet, the lowest point known. The
flow of the Truckee River has
dropped to fifty second feet at Tee
land. The water stored in Independ
ence Lake and donated to the
Truckee Meadows by the Hobart
Estate has been practically ex
hausted.
