# GOLD MINE
## 
### 
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
MINA, Nev., May 1!2. (/P) Knowl
edge of gold ore contained in a
cliff was purchased from an Indian
for $200. The ore assays at $100
per ton.
