# U.C. FRATERNITIES LOSE "SOUVENIRS" AS OFFICERS RAID
## 
### 
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
"BERKELEY, May 12. (/P)
Berkeley police today raided
the Kappa Sigma and Kappa
Alpha fraternity houses near
the University of California
campus and seized an assort
ment of "souvenirs." No ar
rests were made.
Included in the loot were
18 lanterns used as warning
signals on street construction
work, two live preservers, one
fire extinguisher, several
"keep off the grass" signs, a
"no peddlers or agents" sign,
and a Chinese herb doctor's
office sign.
