# HOOVER JUNIOR IS NAMED PRESIDENT OF RADIO CONCERN
## 
### 
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
CHICAGO, May 12. (,V>—
Herbert Hoover Jr., communi
cations engineer for Western
Air Express, today wns elect
ed president of the newly or
ganized Aeronautical Radio,
Inc., which in the future will
direct the radio operations of
America's air mall and pas
senger lines.
Following his election, Mr.
Hoover announced that head
quarters of the new corpora
linn will be in Washington,
under the direction of Paul
Ooldsborough, formerly vice
president of Universal Air
Lines, who was elected execu
tive vice-president of Aeronau
tical Radio. The corporation
will begin active work within
ten days, Mr. Hoover said.
