# HINES TO INSPECT STANFORD "ARMY"
## 
### 
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
Brigadier-General John L. Hines,
commander of the ninth corps area,
of which San Trancisco Presidio is
the headquarters, and which in
cludes the Stanford military or
ganization, will inspect the local
branch here Thursday afternoon,
according to word received from
the military department.
