# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
SPECIAL: Guaranteed 12-yd.
ribbon; your machinc brushed
out- and oiled—s 1.00
Portables sold as low as 10c
a day
Student typing and rentals
solicited
317 Univ. Ave. P.A. 23114
