# Chief Labels Pavilion As Panic Hazard
## Fontius Favors Moving Concert Series to New Theater for '38 Program 
### 
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
A natural but undesirable panic
hazard, the result of financial pros
sure, results every time Stanford
has a concert series artist.
This declaration yesterday by Fire
Chief Robert E. Dugan, also pre
sented in a report to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson, put a new
slant on the Ex Committee sugges
tion Tuesday night that the Conceit
Series be moved to the Memorial
Theater.
SEATING DANGEROUS
"The Pavilion," Dugan said, "was
originally built for bleacher seats,
with a capacity of about 1000. When
loose chairs are placed on the floor
during concerts, they create a great
danger in case of panic.
"The real danger is not from fire.
Some small cause, such as a minor
earthquake shock, might start n
stampede that would end in disas
ter."
The Pavilion was built with four
large exits. One of these has been
blocked off because of the •basketball
games. Another is completely closed
by seating arrangements during
concerts. Dugan asks that these ex
its be reopened, and that the seats
be arranged to provide aisle space
and passage-ways necessary for
safety in case of panic.
SERIES MAY BE MOVED
"But," he pointed out, "the proper
rearrangement of seats would leave
the Pavilion with a capacity of only
100 more than the new theater. There
is no reason, then, for not transfer
ring the concert series to the thea
ter, which is built for such assem
blies."
Student Manager Chuck Fontius
stated that the plan for moving the
series was being considered serious
ly. The great objection, he said, was
the decreased seating . capacity,
which would reduce income, and
make it harder to give good pro
grams.
The Pavilion seats about 2600 when
arranged as it has been in the past.
The theater can take care of only
1700. It has not been determined
whether or not the decreased income
will necessitate a rise in admission
price. Fontius explained that it will
first be necessary to decide what
artists will appear, and then draw
up a budget.
FONTIUS FAVORS PLAN
"We have decided," he said, "to
get good artists no matter what hap
pens. We will not cut the program."
Although the acoustics of the Pa
vilion are considered as good as
those of any hall on the Coast, 1 he
seats in the theater are more com
fortable and do not constitute a fin
hazard. "Personally," said Fontius,
"I favor the move if it is at all
feasible."
