# Councilman
## 
### 

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.

J. P. MITCHELL, University
registrar, was elected to the city
council of Palo Alto in an election
Tuesday. Graduate Manager Al
Masters, another University can
didate, failed to win.
