# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
LA MARIQUITA, tor
rid Flamenco dancer,
back from Spain,
With JOSE CALAR
RUDO, Flamenco
guitarist
"Exquisite dan
c'nB •• •" Says
the San Francis
co Call-Bulletin.
Thursdays from 9 P.M.-
The
Pagliacei Playhouse
2901 El Camino
EMcrson 6-71 1 5
