# Paul Hornung Nears Scoring Mark
## 
### 
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
NEW YORK (UPI)- Paul Hor
nung, bull-shouldered Green Bay
Packers halfback, needs only 39
points in his five remaining
games to break the National Foot
ball League's 18-year-old scoring
record.
According to official statistics
released today, Ho r n un g has
scored an even 100 points on 8

touchdowns, 25 conversions with
out a miss and nine field goals
