# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
The Stanford women's
basketball team tips off its
season this Friday at 6 p.m.
by participating in the
Anheuser-Busch Classic
held Friday and Saturday at
San Jose State University.
The Cards play Texas in the
first round and then play
either SJS or Weber State
University on Saturday for
the championship or for
third place. Senior center
Louise Smith, shown here in
action from last year, will be
one of the cornerstones to
the Stanford squad this sea
son. Coach Dottie McCrae
expects great things from
this crop of veteran Cards
which almost made the
AIAW Regionals last year.
Though the team
now plays in the NCAA, its
experience and resultant
poise should make it a force
this season. The return of
stalwart Angie Pacione,
who decided not to play last
year for personal reasons,
should also help the squad a
great deal.


Rob Ericson/Daily
