# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
HI, STAN!
Kenton's new dance band
has its first date at S.F.
Civic Auditorium on Sun
day, February 1 7.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
