# Untitled Article
## 
### 

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner

POST-GAME PARTY—The all-campus party in the Women's Clubhouse from 9:30 to 12:30 tonight
is planned to keep basketball from coming between a man and his date. Above are Bill
Woolsey, chairman, Ann Dyer, Keith Mulrooney, and Lucie Welles. —Daily photo by Ed Forner
