# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
Women's Rest Home—Mary Bur
den, Margaret Lamping, Marilyn
Daniels, Ann Franks, Thoma Bar
ker, Diane Jergins, Sheila Abel,
Anne von der Leith.
Men's licst Home—Robert Waest
man, Sam Stearns, Kimball Fire
stone, John Bernett, Richard Ends
ley.
I'alo Alio Hospital — Don Hunt,
Nancy Brown, Eleanor Genshlea,
Carl Davis, Eleanor Prosser, Jane
Jeffrey >, Khodadad Keyani.
