# Netters Meet Palo Alto Club
## 
### 
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m. Stanford':
tennis team plays the Palo Alto
Tennis Club on the varsity courts.
In a previous meeting the varsity
netters downed the local club 7
matches to 2. However, Palo Alto's
captain Bill Holmes said that they
would add three new players in
order to strengthen their lineup.
Next Tuesday the team will trav
el to San Jose to meet San Jose
State College. Leading the Spar
tans will be Butch Kerkorian, a
hard-hitting southpaw with three
years' varsity experience.
