# NORMAN ROSS OUTSWIMS VARSITY
## 
### 
Norman Ross, ex-'2O, won a novel
dual meet against the varsity swim
mers, last Saturday, before a large
crowd. He won the 50 and 100 yard
events, as well as the 220 and the
backstroke, and lost only by a yard
to a relay team of three swimmers.
Coach Brandsten announces that
the plans are practically complete
i'or an exhibition swimming meet by
'Perry JYlacG ill vary, who recently
broke the world's record for the 220

in Honolulu; Lane and Keile, two
Hawaiian swimmers, and Ross, in the
Stanford pool, next Saturday.
Tomorrow, at 4:15, the freshmen
swimmers will meet the speedy team
from Lowell High, in a meet which
has been postponed from a week ago
Saturday. The freshmen are going
good and ought to win, although the
Lowell men will furnish some real
competition, particularly in the
dashes.
