# Bassett Speaks Before Teachers.
## 
### 
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett of
the English department will give an
address on "Public Speaking in Sec
ondary Schools" before the Central
California Teachers' Association in
Fresno on March 13 and 14.
