# Farm Netter Wins Easily at Newport
## 
### 
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
Fourth-seeded Ted Schroeder,
Stanford net ace, is in the news
again. Advancing to the semi
finals of the Newport Casino Invi
tational Tournament by defeating
Russell Bobbitt, Ed Alloo, the dark
horse, Francisco Segura, top-seeded
foreigner from Peru, in quick suc
cession.
Schi'oeder faces second seeded
Frankie Parker today in the semi
finals. Bobbitt went down 7-5, 8-6,
in the first round; Alloo, upset vic
tor over veteran Gene Mako, lost to
the Card, 9-7, 6-3; and Segura suc
cumbed, 6-3, 2-6, 6-3, 6-1.
