# Rare 'Flame Tree' Blossoms on Quad
## 
### 
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
A "flame tree" or, to be technical,
a stericulia acerfolia, rarely found
as far north as Santa Clara County,
is now in bloom in the Inner Quad.
The tree is growing in the "island"
at the right, of the entrance to the
Memorial Church.* The blossoms are
scarlet.
According to H. C. Scherer, a
Stanford alumnus and university
gardner, the flame tree is semi
tropical and in warm climates is
covered with a mass of bloom in
midsummer.
In the same group is another un
usual tree, a Japanese privet or
Ligustrum japonica, that is ordi
narily seen as a low hedge, but in
this case has grown into a tree 40
feet high.
