# WORKERS TO GET TRAILERS
## 
### 
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
Contracts have been let by the
federal government for more than
2000 trailers to be used as "stop
gap" housing for workers on de
fense production.
