# MEMORIAL CHURCH
## 
### 
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
Mrs. Leland Stanford built the
Memorial Church in memory of her
husband.
