# QUAD TO GROUP ADVERTISEMENTS
## Innovation To Be One Of Many New Features 
### 
Grouping of advertising insertions
in the 1932 Quad, an innovation in
the yearbook's advertising section,
will be one of the many new fea
tures to appear in the current issue
of the Stanford annual, it was re
vealed yesterday.
The first group will consist of San
Francisco advertisei's coupled with
an article entitled "Places to Go
in San Francisco," describing the
leading and more interesting of the
many restaurants and night clubs
which San Francisco has to offer.
There will also be an alphabetical
index of the "places to go" with
their addresses and telephone num
bers.
Second of the groups will be the
"Old Timer's Section," honoring
those firms which have grown up
with the University and which have
patronized the Quad for many years.
Several local merchants plan to re
run advertisements which appeared
in the early Quads. These should
well fit in with the plans of the
Razz Board which expects to pattern
the razzes after the current maga
zine "Ballyhoo."
The third grouping will be a spe
cial decorative map, created by Art
Lites, depicting the highway be
tween San Francisco and Los An
geles. High points of interest will
be cartoons of well-known cam
pus characters, localized to their
own regions per perusal of the
"Bawlout."
Location of the leading hotels,
restaurants, and garages along the
highway will be indicated by
sketches on small billboards. The
map will appear in six full pages
that it may be drawn to a large
scale to insure easy recognition of
the cartoons.
