# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
-ft CWf
CJT
V J 510 WAVERLEY
PALO ALTO
%Jeni§
Brassieres, $.65
Corsets $2 to $5
3 Graduate Corsetieres to serve you.
Phone Palo Alto 21244 for
appointment
Use Daily Want Ads
