# THE 						WAR IN BRIEF
## 
### United Press FRIDAY, FEB. 16 
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
STOCKHOLM — The Helsinki
correspondent of Ihe newspaper
Dagens Nyhetcr reported at mid
night that tlie Finns had retreated
from first line positions in the
Sumina sector on the Karelian
Isthmus following severe Russian
attacks Thursday.
MOSCOW — Soviet troops have
captured 53 more defensive forti
fications in the Finnish Manner
lieiin Line on (he Karelian Isth
mus and the Finns are retreating
after suffering "grave losses'' in
men and material, it was officially
announced today.
