# So Long, Larry; It's Been Swell
## 
### 
Today's issue of The Stanford
Daily is the last number of Vol
ume !»<). marking the final issue
under the editorship of Larry Liv
ingston, who has served on the
staff since he entered Stanford as
a freshman.
Assuming active duties on Mon
day editor of Volume !)7, Arch
Jenkins will hold forth in the
back-page columns for the re
mainder of the school year.
Editorial board of Volume U7 in
cludes Jack Burtt, managing edi
tor: Mary June Montgomery,
women's editor; Iswight Hutchin
son and («eorgc Ilislop, associate
editors, and Jenkins. Other newly
promoted staff members will as
sume their duties with Monda>\
issue.
