# 'COOTIE' BREAKS RECORD
## 
### 
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
During the recent hitting and
base-running competition between i
amateurs of Australia and Califor- :
nia, "Cootie" Thompson, Stanford
pitcher, broke Ed Walsh's record fori
i'ungo hitting.
