# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The effort now being made by
members of the Class of '04 to pay
up the deficit incurred during
Senior week festivities can well be
taken to heart by the present
Senior class. Just how many classes
of the past have graduated with
deficits we do not know; but we do
know that nearly every year finan
cial affairs are allowed to drift
along until very near the day of
graduation. Then there is great
pressure brought to bear on the
class treasurer, and a hurried at
tempt by the finance committee to
get matters straightened out. It
would seem that some method
could be adopted not only to avoid
any chance of deficit, but also to
do away with inconvenience at the
close of the year. The best means
which suggests it√üelf for relieving
the heavy pressure at the end is to
begin preparations earlier and
work out in advance, as far as can
be done, the many details which
burden the graduating class during
the week of festivities. The amount
of money necessary to carry out
the plans of a class could be esti
mated with a considerable degree
of accuracy early in the second se
mester, thereby allowing the class
treasurer ample time to canvass the
entire class and get his resources
together. By reference to the
accounts of previous classes the as
sessments and disbursements would
not be difficult to proximate. In
view of the unfortunate conditions
which have existed in the past, and
with hope of entirely avoiding
repetition of such conditions this
year, would it not be advisable for
the Seniors 1o begin work at the
opening of next semester?
