# TO LECTURE IN NORTHWEST.
## Dr. Jordan Will Visit Principal Cities of Oregon and Washington During the Holidays. 
### 
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
During the holiday vacation Pres
ident David Starr Jordan intends
to make a trip through Oregon and
Washington, delivering lectures in
some of the principal cities on the
way. Dr. Jordan will leave the Uni
versity about the 26th of this month
and expects to return by the 2d of
January. He is scheduled to speak
before the Washington Educational
Association at Spokane, December
29th, on "The Call of the Twentieth
Century," and the following day he
will address the afternoon session of
the same body on the question,
"Shall the Instruction and Curricu
lum of the Public High School be
Prescribed by College and Univer
sity?" Other points included in the
itinerary are Portland, Ore., Seat
tle and Ellensburg, Wash. It is
probable that lectures will be given
in all of these cities.
