# Series Offers Music History
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
Warren D. Allen, a Stanford pro
fessor of music and education, will
present, "Our Marching Civilization"
tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of
Memorial Hall. The program is very
similar to the popular "Ballad for
Americans." It will feature a music
lecture with the professor as speaker.
Dr. Allen will be assisted by Her
bert Jan Popper, pianist and direc
tor; Ted Uppman, baritone; Marjorie
Benson, soprano; members of the
University Choir, Stanford Band,
Opera Workshop; and the classes on
music, speech, dance, and the march.
Illustrations of the program will
consist of march rhythms, and march
songs that have been influential in
history and which have influenced
political history.
As examples Mr. Allen gives the
Idealist March: Ode to Joy (9th
Symphony) by Schiller-Beethoven,
which was contemporary with the
Rush Bagot Agreement.
This is the final program in the
Tuesday Series for the quarter. The
series will be resumed on June 23.
