# MARITIME DAY AT RICHMOND
## 
### 

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.

SIX MINUTES after the Irwin McDowell, background, slid down the
ways at the Richmond Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Richmond, Calif.,
a keel was in place, foreground, for another big freighter. The Mc-
Dowell was one of three launched at these yards Maritime Day.
