# Shaw Will Speak On Price Control
## 
### 
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
Discussing "Price Control and Its
Maintenance," Edward Shaw, asso
ciate professor of economics, will
talk at a general meeting in the Ed
ucation Auditorium Thursday af
ternoon at 4:15.
His speech is the second in a
series sponsored by the consumer
education committee to familiarize
Stanford students with price con
trol legislation. W. A. Wallis, asso
ciate professor of economics, spoke
last week-
