# Cards to Enter P.C.C. Meet
## 
### 
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
Coach Pitch Johnson's trackmen
returned from two meets over last
week-end intent on making their
best showing in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Se
attle Saturday.
Highlight of the meet from the
Stanford standpoint will be the low
hurdle battle between Indian Ed
Hurtel and Trojan Dick Browning.
After Hertel's surprising victory
over Browning last Saturday, the
latter will be gunning for Hurri
cane Ed in the conference meet.
Both boast a best mark this year
of 23.4 seconds. Only other men on
the coast capable of staying near
these men are another Trojan, Walt
Smith, and Washington State's Pat
Haley.
While Ed Stamm was taking a lay
oft from track over the week-end,
his chief opponent, Carl Merritt, was
making the best put of his life in
the Los Angeles meet. However, his
52 ft- 2 in. put could only get him
second place behind Earl Audet.
