# Engineer Society Will Give Dinner
## 
### 
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
Conceived as a move toward
closer relations between students
and faculty of the School of Engi
neering, Stanford chapter of Tau
Beta Pi, honorary engineering so
ciety, will hold an "Engineers' Din
ner" at Stanford Union on Wednes
day, February 16.
All interested are invited to the
dinner, but an especial welcome is
being tendered to lower division and
other undergraduate engineers, in
order to acquaint them better with
students and faculty members al
ready in local engineering activities.
Speakers scheduled are Mr. H. H.
Hall, chief engineer of the Standard
Oil Company of California, and
Mr. J. D. Galloway, consulting en
gineer, who has been prominent in
the rebuilding of San Francisco
since the great earthquake and fire
of 1906. Tickets arc on sale today
at the A.S.S.U. office for 75 cents.
