# Delinquent Students May Meet Dr. Whittier
## 
### 
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness arc requested to consult with
Professor C. R. Whittier, acting chair
man f>f the committee on scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10, in Room 3,
Law Building.
