# Columbia Missourian Will Have New Hall
## 
### 
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
The Columbia Missourian, issued by
the Missouri University School of
Journalism, plans to occupy its new
Neff Hall about July 1. Every de
partment of the paper will he com
plete in the new building, which will
house an enlarged plant, new print
ing pres.? and other additional equip
ment.
The new hall waa dedicated during
"Journalism Week" nt the university,
May 3to 7 De:.n Walter Williams is
planning an . increased . telegraphic
news service when the Missourian gets
into its new quarters,
