# POSITIONS OPEN FOR MINING IN SUMMER
## 
### 
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
W. F. Dietrich of the Metallurgy
Department has positions to offer to
all men who are interest in mining
work, for the three months of vaca
tion. Places in the gold and copper
mines of California and Arizona are
offered for $4.00 to $5.60 a day.
Dietrich requests that all men who
have already taken positions in mines
for the summer months see him before
the end of the quarter, even though
these positions have not been secured
through the university.
