# California is Given Coliseum Appointments
## 
### 
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
CHICAGO. June 7. —California was
assigned only 180 seats in the Coliseum
and National Committeeman William
H. Crocker has more than double that
number of applications from California
politicians who are here through the
influence of Johnson headquarters.
Quite a number of Californians were
appointed assistant sergeant-at-arms
and will get on the floor in this way.
