# LD Courses To Be Studied
## 
### 
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
"The Student-Faculty Education
Commission plans to continue its
study of the Lower Division
science requirements," according to
Diane Catlin, commission chairman.
Last quarter economics, psychol
ogy, and philosophy were discussed.
This quarter the commission will
tackle sociology, anthropology, and
geography, and political science.
The method used in criticizing
and evaluating the courses is a
round-table discussion in each of
the departments attended by mem-
hers ol the teaching faculty and in
terested students.
Any student interested in at
tending one of these sessions should
contact Diane Catlin at Lagunita
Court or Box 555, Stanford. No
outside work or definite responsi
bility is required. The person mere
ly goes to the discussion and ex
presses his views.
