# English Club Play Tryouts Continue Today, Tomorrow
## 
### 
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
Preliminary tryouts for the English
Club play to be produced March 6,
will continue this evevning in the
Little Theater from 7 to 8 o'clock,
and from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 o'clock
tomorrow in the same place. All stu
dents except freshmen women are
eligible for this play.
A list to be posted tomorrow will
name students who passed the first
tryouts, and who are eligible for sec
ond tryouts which will be held at
times given above.
