# Another Viewpoint
## 
### 
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
September 21, 1915.
To the Editor:
It is a rule which has been gener
ally observed, although it has never
been written, that class room lectures
are not made the subject of newspaper
stories. Since an item in your paper
was made the basis of a violation of
this rule by a large number of news
papers recently, perhaps you will
allow me space for a word on the
subject.
Our purpose here at college is edu
cation, and a moment's reflection will
show that this purpose would be seri
ously handicapped if the instructors
could not feel themselves perfectly
free at all times to speak to their
classes without fear that their words
may be made the basis of a newspaper
story, which will misrepresent them.
Practically any single class room lec
ture, addressed as it is to a class
which is being led through a continu
ous course, will, if it is taken out of
that context and made to seem a com
plete expression of the professor's
views on the topic, misrepresent the
professor. Moreover, there is the fur
ther danger of distortion, when only
excerpts are selected —the kind of ex
cerpts which naturally would be se
lected for a "little feature story." I
say nothing at all about the danger of
absolute misquotation, which I under
stand, was an added embarrassment
in the recent instance.
EVERETT W. SMITH.
