# Rooters' Caps.
## 
### 
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
The orders for the football caps
have been coming in rather slowly.
Only one hundred and twenty-live
have been ordered up to date. As
three or four hundred will proba
bly be wanted, orders should be
left at the Bookstore at once or it
will be impossible to have the caps
made up in time for the game.
