# Park Will Discuss Conservation Plan
## 
### 
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
Germany's experiences as a "have
not" nation during the war will be
explained by Charles F. Park. Jr.,
new geology professor, at today's
meeting of the Geology Journal Club
in room 334 at 405 p.m.
Mr. Park will relate how Germany
was able to get through the war in
spite of her lack of many essential
resources. He believes that in many
ways their extensive conservation
program could be used in the United
States where there is a shortage of
certain mineral resources.
