# Council Permission Needed for L.A. Trip
## 
### 
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
All first-quarter freshmen and
};irls who arc minus must obtain
permission from a mem her of
Women's Council to take an over
night leave on Friday night, Oct.
11, for the U.C.L.A. game. Those
who have already obtained per
mission previous to last Friday
must contact a Women's Council
member before taking this over
night leave.
Members of Women's Council
are Carol Kelloger, 2-2151; Gloria
Cassidy. 2-2151; Mary Ann Davis.
5171; Jean Gait. .">121; Margaret
Wade, 8(5:50.
