# Employment Service Posts Job Offers
## 
### 
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
The Student Employment Serv
ice is posting a bulletin board in
roini 1 CiCi on the second floor of
(he Administration Building to
inform students about odd jobs
available from day to day.
Positions as gardeners, baby
sitters, typists, clerical workers,
and other jobs will be posted. By
checking the board regularly stu
dents will be able to apply
promptly for jobs which interest
them.
