# Sports Scribes Meet Tonight at 8
## 
### 
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
There will he a short but ex
tremely important meeting of the
Daily sports staff in the Shack to
night at 8. All members will at
tend. and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Smiley Farkas,
Sports Editor.
