# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
TONICHT AND TUESDAY
•
Hollywood's Most Talented
Dramatic Actress
Bette Davis
in the picture that won for her
the Academy award
"DANGEROUS"
with
FRANCJHOT TONE
— Also —
ALISON SKIPWORTH
in
"HITCH-HIKE
LADY"
