# German-Jew Arrested For Nazi-like Dress
## 
### 
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
( BERLIN. April 5 (Jewish Tele
graphic Agency) — The newspaper
Frankische Lages-Zeitung said to
day a Nurnberg court sentenced a
Jewish cattle dealer to six weeks
imprisonment for wearing brown
trousers.
