# Drama Setup To Be Revised By University
## Faculty To Direct Campus Shows Except Gaieties, Spring Quarter Musical 
### 
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
Complete revision of Stanford's
dramatics system loomed today as a
committee of faculty members con
tinues preparation of a program
which, according to reports, will
provide for financial supervision by
the University of all shows except
Big Game Gaieties and the spring
musical.
The change is being made after a
year's controversy over management
of the new theater.
Last spring Dramatics Council,
declaring that "student control of
dramatics is jeopardizing the future
prestige and possible artistic accom
plishment of Stanford dramatics,"
issued a statement to the adminis
tration in which its officials threw
open responsibility for operation of
the theater.
The Council's resolution stressed
the failure of student production
management to make its projects
financially successful. As an indi
rect result of this measure, Dr. John
C. Uhler of Louisiana State Univer
sity was brought to the Farm to act
as faculty director of dramatics.
Dr. Uhler, who also holds a pro
fessorship in the English depart
ment, has had charge of a number
of plays this year, and has been
mentioned as a candidate for head
ing the staff which will run the new
theater.
Reorganization of dramatics con
trol will not, it is believed, place
undue restrictions on student par
ticipation. Groups such as Ram's
Head, Sword and Sandals, and Mas
quers will continue to function un
der the new arrangements.
Announcement of definite plans
for control of the new theater will
be made as soon as the faculty
committee completes its draft.
