# Sixty Men Striving For Proficiency With Pistol
## 
### 
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
_ .
Over sixty men are now turning out |
for pistol practice in the Stanford R. O.
T. C. unit, states Major Collins, who
hopes to develop shots which will out
class the marksmen of the Oregon \g
ricultural College field Jartillery unit,
with whom matches will later be held.
Preliminary pistol drill has been held,
and the men are now engaged in actual
range work. The pistol is the personal"
arm with which men in the field artillery
are equipped.
