# Freshman Hop to Have Many Novel Features
## 
### 
Arrangements have been practically
completed for the freshman hop to be
held on Saturday. May 17, in Encina
Hall. The committee in charge, con
sisting of Robert Connoly, chairman,
Miss Anna Judge, and Donald Han
cock, announces that everything is be
ing done to make this dance the best
informal of the year. A seven-piece
jazz orchestra has been secured for
the dance, and a special program is
being prepared. The numbers to be
played comprise the hits of the cam
pus productions produced here this
year, and the latest from all over the
country.
There will be sixteen dances and
programs will be given out at the
door. These programs are said to be
startlingly new. Eats will be given
out during the intermission. Dancing
will begin at 8:30. Admission will be
$1 a couple. Everybody is invited to
attend.
