# STANFORD WRESTLERS TO MEET Y.M.C.A. MEN
## 
### 
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
On May 31, Stanford will wrestle
its varsity team in a four-cornered
tournament, of which the Y. M. C. A.'s
of Berkeley, Oakland, and San Fran
cisco, will be the contenders. This
meet will take the place of the inter
collegiate meet this year. The tourney
will he staged at Encina Gymnasium,
and according to the leport of the com
peting teams, some snappy bouts will
be forthcoming.
