# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
In spite of a large deficit facing it,
due to student enlistments, Columbia
University has made an official sub
scription of $150,000 to the Third Lib
erty Loan.
