# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
Cost 1 ?" Shudder
when you hear
that Shatter—
. . . jmt Dial 5542 and we
vvi'l have Hiaf broken win
dow, windshield, or mir
ror ropfaccd quickly and
economically.
WEST COAST
CLASS CO.
CLASS OF ALL KINDS
516 HICH ST. PALO ALTO
