# WILLKIE HOME FROM TOUR
## 
### 

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.

HOME FROM a "see for myself" tour of England, Wendell L. Willkie,
1940 Republican presidential candidate, and Mrs. Willkie, stand be
neath a picture of the Statue of Liberty at LaGuardia Field, New
York. He expressed the belief that if the United States did not give
aid to Britain it would become involved in the war.
