# Second Installment Women's Hoard Due
## 
### 
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
The second installment of hoard
and room for women's dormitories
including" Union Unit, Lagunita
Court, and Casa Ventura, are
payable today in the Administra
tion Building, according to the
accounting department. They will
he collected from 8:150 to 4:150
o'clock.
