# M. C. KIRBY, FORMER STANFORD MAN, DIES FROM FALL IN PARIS
## 
### 
Madison C. Kirby, former Stnnfoid
student, was fatally injured Friday in
a fall from the third-story window of
the Chicago Tribune Building in Paris,
France, and died at 1 o'clock Saturday
morning. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
M. E. Kirby, 1125 Channing avenue,
Palo Alto. The remains will be brought
here for interment.

The deceased was a member of Sigma
Nu fraternity, and was on the staff of
the Chaparral while in attendance at
Stanford. He was well known in news
paper circles throughout California,
having worked on publications in Bak
ersfield, Hollister, Tulare and San
Francisco.

Kirby was in the employ of the New
York Herald Tribune prior to his con
nection with the Paris edition of the
Chicago Tribune, as sports editor,
which position he held at the time of
his death.

Kirby is survived by his parents and
two brothers; Emmet, an artist of Los
Angeles, and Will, bridge engineer of
Palo Alto, all of whom were here at
the time word of his death was re
ceived.
