# FORMER INSTRUCTOR HERE DIES IN EAST
## 
### 
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
Word has been received of the re
cent death of Mrs. Jeanne Rose Rouil
ler, who was an assistant in the Ro
manic languages department in 1911-
1912. For several years she has been
living at Edgewood, Maryland, with her
son, Dr. Charles A. Rouiller, who is a
chemist at John Hopkins University, in
Baltimore.
Mrs. Rouiller's son received his de- {
gree from Stanford in 1903, and her
daughter, Marcelle, graduated in 1915.
The latter, who was Mrs. Ernest R. Cal
ley, died in 1918.
