# Cabbages and Things
## MOSTLY THINGS 
### 
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
Football season is but a little more
than a month away. In less than six
weeks every Saturday will see every
stadium in the country filled with per
sons who have paid good cold cash to
witness twenty-two men fight for ihe
possession of an oval ball. And every
Sunday will see in the sporting pages
of every part of the country charges
by people who are paid good cold cash
to make them, that the winning team
has subsidized fully 200 per cent of its
players. In case of a tie charges will
be hurled against both teams.

Now these charges are not only em
barrassing to the coaches of the teams
against which they are made, but they
fill up valuable newspaper space which
might be devoted to accounts of chess
matches or ping pong tournaments, so
herewith is presented a method by
which all subsidization might be done
away with, and all accusations conse
quently stopped.

Covering each player's back is a
broad expanse of jersey. This jersey
is usually utilized uselessly for num
bers which supposedly serve to iden
tify the player. Now. Why not rent
these back coverings to various con
cerns to be used by them as bill boards
to advertise their products. The money
accruing from these ads could be given
to the player, and all necessity for sub
sidization would immediately cease.
One national concern could support
players in 50 or 60 schools.

The ads could range from one on the
back of the bull-necked All-American
center which would admonish the spec
tator to "keep kissable" to one for a
local meat market on the jersey of a
third-string tackle.

And over the radio how much more
interesting than "Number six goes
around left end to the twenty-yard
line, where he is stopped by number
eleven," would be, "Austin Garters
tears through Wearever Sox and Man
hattan Shirts to the thirty-seven-yard
line, where he is stopped by Old Mold
Cigarettes."

While we're about it. Dr. Henry
Pritchett of the Carnegie Foundation,
who started all this business about
subsidization, has broken loose again.
This time he says, "These football
plants are tremendous earners of
money. Are they exempt from taxation
and if so, upon what theory? Will not
the various states insist upon taxing
money earning agencies of this de
scription?"

All right. Tax football receipts. But
why stop there? If money which pro
vides for the upkeep of the university
is to be taxed (on the Stanford cam
pus, football money has provided Bran
ner Hall, and takes care of the ex
penses of the whole physical education
plant), why not start with tuition? Ten
dollars or so from each student to
provide for taxes would raise the tui
tion fee to only one hundred and twen
ty-four dollars. A mere pittance!

There have always been complaints
concerning the small size of sylalbus
fees. Two or three—Oh, make it five—

added there, would not bother the stu
dents a bit. And a new version of the?
Stamp Act for taxation of college pa-
