# STANFORD GRADUATES WED IN SAN FRANCISCO
## 
### 
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
Miss Margaret ' Zumwalt, '30, was
married to Kenneth Ansel Brown, 28,
a week ago Saturday night at the home
of her parents, 3880 Clay street, San
Francisco. Miss Zumwalt was attended
by Miss Ruth Fickert, '28, while the
groom's brother, Everet Brown, '25,
acted as best man.

While at Stanford, Brown was promi
nent in athletics and is a member of
Kappa Alpha. Miss Zumwalt is a Chi
Omega. The couple are visiting with
friends in Palo Alto for a few days,
and are then going to motor to Eureka
where they will spend their honey
moon.

pers. The original Stamp Act was in
directly responsible for the formation
of the United States. What might we
not get out of a new one? Then gifts
to the University could be taxed. The
tax to be paid by the giver, of course.

And after all the taxes had been
paid, the University would be money
ahead. Possibly the students might
have to go without their cigarettes for
a while, but "consider your Adam's
apple."
