# PROFESSOR AND WIFE HONORED AT DINNER
## 
### 
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
Dr. Ida Slauf was hostess at a din
ner Sunday evening at the Union in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Kurt Reinhart,
who have just moved from their Palo
Alto home to a new residence on the
campus. Dr. Reinhart is assistant pro
fessor of Germanic Languages.
Mrs. Charles Lanthrop, Mr. Hermina
Widman, Dr. dnd Mrs. George My res,
and Dr. and Mrs. Edmund Landau were
among the guests.
