# STANFORD GRADUATE MARRIED SATURDAY
## 
### 
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
Miss Virginia Peery, Castilleja School
graduate and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Pi. E. Peery, and Calvin G. Collins,
Stanford, '30, were married on Satur
day afternoon at the home of the bride
in Palo Alto. The Rev. J. H. Hack
straw officiated. There were no at
tendants.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are now on
their honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. On
their return they will make their home
in Palo Alto, where the bridegroom is
in business.
