# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
For the direct telephonic communi
cation with the Stanford Oval which
the Daily Palo Alto was today able to
establish, we again wish to express
our appreciation to the Palo Alto man
ager of the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company.
