# Papoose Ruggers Face Cal Saturday
## 
### 
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
Monday's frosh rugby tilt with
Menlo was postponed for reasons all
too common nowadays. The field
was just one big puddle and play
would have been impossible under
such conditions. There is little
chance that the game will be played
at all now, according to Coach Bob
Olden. At least the date is not
known.
Scheduled for this Saturday is the
big game with Cal for which the
frosh have been gunning all season.
The Cub ruggers have dropped only
one game, but the home team has
done them on better with a clean
slate, though they have played just
three games during the whole sea
son.
