# VALUABLE BOOKS ARE ADDED TO LIBRARY.
## Additions Include Old Periodicals, Historical Collections and Scientific Journals. 
### 
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
The most valuable additions to the
library since those last noted in The
Daily Palo Alto, are several tiles of
periodicals and society publications,
which are not only costly but difficult
to obtain as well.
To general literature the most not
able additions are the files of two of
the oldest periodicals: The Knicker
bocker, and Princeton Review, com
plete: the two English journals: Gen
tleman's Magazine, and London Quar
terly Review. The Archiv fur Natur
geschichte, 1835 to date, and Chem
isches Techniches Repertorium, 1862-
1901, will be of particular value to the
departments in natural science. The
purchase of the first series of the
London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Philo
sophical Magazine gives the Library
an almost complete set of this im
portant magazine, covering a period of
more than one hundred years. Among
the other scientific journals added, the
following may be mentioned: Societe
Botanique de Franc Bulletin, 18i»4-
1904; Zeitschrit fur Architektur unci
Ingenieur Wesen, 1851-1895; Canadian
Society of Civil Engineers: Transac
tions, 1887-1908; Schweizerische Bau
zeitung, 1883-1910; Allgemeine Bau
zeitung, 1832-1910; Archive fur Augen
Heilkunde, 1869-1910; v. Graffe's Ar
chive fur Opthalmologie, 1854-1910;
Boston Medical Journal, 1828-1893;
Jahresberichte u. d. Leistungen u.
Fortschritte in der Gesammte Medicin,
1866-1894.
In history and economics the more
important recent additions are Navy
Record Society (London): publica
tions, 1894-1900; Revue des Questions
Historiques, 1866-1892; a large collec
tion of the British Calendar of State
Papers; Jahrbucher fur Nationalo
konomie und Statistik, 1863-1891;
Zeitschri fur Volkswirtschaft?" 1892-
1906; Journal des.Economistes, 1842-
1902; Societe de Statisstique, Journal,
1860-1906; Archiv fur Krininal An
thropologic und Kriminalistik, 1898-
1910.
