# To-morrow's Soccer Match Postponed.
## 
### 
The regular league contest between
the Vampires of San Franlisco and
Stanford which was scheduled for to

morrow afternoon, in the Exposition
City, has been postponed by the
schedule committeee. Coach Malonev
received notification of this action
last night but the exact time for the
playing of the match was not an
nounced.
By the postponement of Saturday's
contest the Cardinal eleven will have
one more game to add to the number
which must be played before the com
pletion of the regular season. The
match with the Pastimes has not a-t
yet been given a date. In addition to
this the San Francisco-Stanford game
has been ordered replayed by the
registration committee of the league
because of the playing of an ineligible
man by the city aggregation.
