# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
Daily Cliapel — Vestry, Memorial
Church, 8-8:15. Short devotional ser
vice.
