# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
Following in the footsteps of the
other universities on the coast, the
University of Southern California has
introduced military training to the
students on the campus. The military
department is similar to the one in
use at Stanford, and an officers train
ing corps is to be founded in the near
future. Equipment will be furnished
by the government, and at the end of
two years' service, pay will be given
each man. After graduation, those
showing exceptional military ability
will be offered commissions in the ac
tive service with a yearly salary of
$1800.
