# Parents to Inspect New Campus School
## 
### 
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
The new campus grammar school
on Lasuen is having a housewarming
tomorrow afternoon, and the school
board are anxious to show the little
school, of which they are very proud,
to visitors.
All the parents on the campus are
especially invited and some of the
students who are interested in seeing
really up-to-date methods of educa
tion, and all those who are interested
in seeing the plans of the new Union
high school, are asked to be there.
This new high school will be built in
the near future in Palo Alto if the
