# Cogen facility powers campus
## 
### Marni Leff Staff writer 
It cost $66.5 million to build,
and it's located on Campus
Drive, near the Medical Center.
At capacity, it produces 49.9
megawatts of energy, but most
students had no idea what it
was before power went down
across campus Thursday night.
It's called the Cardinal Co
generation Facility, and it's a
privately owned steam and
electricity cogeneration plant
that provides the Stanford
campus with energy and serves
as a backup power source for
the Medical Center.
"It simultaneously produces
electricity,, and it also creates
steam and chills water," said
Director of Facilities Opera
tions Chris Christofferson.
"The steam heats hot water
and also provides heat to cam
pus buildings."
Finished in April 1988, the
cogenerator — the largest such
facility on the Peninsula — is
operated by its own company,
Cardinal Operating Personnel
Inc., a subsidiary of General
Electric. Before the cogenera
tor was constructed, Stanford
bought its electricity from Pa
cific Gas and Electric Company.
