# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Board of Directors of the Co
operative Association are no more
desirous of remodeling the system
under which the book store is oper
ated than are the students who are
shareholders in the association.
There is no division of opinion on
the proposition that some change is
necessary. It is to he regretted,
therefore that a large majority of
the shareholders do not understand
the details of the plan which the
Hoard proposes to adopt, and that
many of those who profess to un
derstand it hest are opposed to its
adoption. The reasons that enter
into this are many and varied, and
we fear very much that its plan
for the reorganization of the Co-op.
will fail unless the Hoard sees lit to
make such an explanation as the
plan merits and demands.
