# SEATTLE WANTS TO ENTER.
## Northerners May Send Team to Compete in the Interscholastic Meet. More Schools Enter. 
### 
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
The Interscholastic Association has
taken its first step out of the State of
California. From Seattle High School
came an application today for mem
bership in the Association. The let
ter further stated that Seattle would
probably enter a full team in the
meet on March 22, if the funds nec
essary to send the team here could
be raised.
The entry of Seattle would give a
splendid opportunity for a compari
son of the star preparatory school
athletes of the Northwest with those
of California, for the Seattle team
has swept the Northwest for two
years in succession. Moreover Seal
tic has a relay team which has never
been beaten in the North and they
should give Lick a close run for the
Bittncr trophy.
Tn addition to the Seattle applica
tion Tone High School, Hoitts School
and the California School of Mechan
ical Arts (Lick) have all signified
their intention of entering the meet.
