# ORDER FOR SERVICES
## MEMORIAL EXERCISES TO BE HELD TOMORROW. Simple Service at Mausoleum to Mark Second Anniversary of Mrs. Stanford's Death. 
### 
Simple services at the Mausoleum
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30. will com
memorate the second anniversary of
the death of Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford. The exericses will be far less
elaborate in character than those
which marked the first anniversary
last year, when Dean Hodges deliv
ered the address in Memorial Church.
Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
preach tomorrow and the Glee Clubs
will lead the singing of the hymns.
The musical selections will include
some of Mrs. Stanford's favorite
hymns which were sung at her fune
ral and also at the anniversary serv
ices last year. The usual vesper
service will be omitted tomorrow
evening.
The hymns for the exercises at the
Mausoleum are as follows; "Abide
With Me," "Nearer My God to Thee,"
"Now the Laborer's Task is O'er."
The services will conclude with the
singing of "Hail, Stanford, Hail."
