# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
<S> <♦/
MONDAY
3 p.m.—The Women's Faculty Club
will meet in the Women's Club
house. Professor Espinosa will
speak.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —There will be a German
Table in the main dining room of
the Union.
4 p.m.—Jordan Seminar, Jordan Hall,
Room 430. Speaker: Dr. P. R.
Needham, U.S. Bureau of Fish
eries. Subject: "Distribution of
Aquatics in Lotic Waters."
5:10 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
W. Allen, University organist, in
Memorial Church.
MISCELLANEOUS
Managers of all student organiza
tions desiring the use of the A.S.S.U.
committee room in the Old Union
must see Charles Karl, Associated
Students Manager, at once, to ar
range for hours of use. To avoid
conflict a schedule and directory
board have been placed outside the
A.S.S.U. office.
Exhibit of Mexican photographs by
Judith Martinez, water colors by
Howe Williams. Photographs on dis
play until January 15; water colors
until January 29.
