# Kipling To Be Lecture Topic
## 
### 
â–  .
Tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock I
Stanford Associate Professor Mir
rielees, teacher and writer of short j
stories,* will lecture to the Little j
Theatre audience on the '"Kipling |
Survivals."
Aspiring literati and aged critics |
will find in Miss Mirrielees a speaker j
with theoretical and practical back- j
ground. A graduate of Stanford with j
the Class of '07, she has been a I
member of the local faculty since J
1909. Her undergraduate days were I
marked by frequent contributions to j
Ihe magazine, Sequoia.
Not only does she 1 teach short- j
story writing at Stanford, but she j
has had at least thirty of her own |
products published. The Mirrielees'
"Professor Boynton Rediscovers His
tory" was included in the O'Brien
collection as one of the best short j
stories of 1924.
