# Hoover Gives Views Of Science On Technocracy
## 
### DAVE MELLINKOFF 
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
Adding to the analysis of Tech
nocracy set forth by the Sociology
Department's Dr La Piere, Theodore
J. Hoover, Dean of the School of
Engineering, yesterday stated the
technician's view of this much moot
ed question.
Lauds Discussion
Said Professor Hoover: "The dis
cussion growing out of the articles
on Technocracy in the Outlook dis
plays the healthy and intelligent in
terest of a large group of people in
the causes underlying our current
troubles.
"I do not agree with Professor La
Piere that the technocracy statistics
are pure phantasy,' but I do agree
that the technocracy Interpretation
is largely erroneous. There is this
much truth in their interpretation
however: If we purpose a continua
tion of the present more or less hap
hazard operation of our mechanical
civilization, with no adequate meas
ures of control, the machine will

certainly eventually smash us up.
Need More Control
"We have been so preoccupied for
150 years with operating the machine
at a profit that we have allowed a
lag in our measures of control. It
will not require any fantastic revo
lution to establish this control; if
the American people are as, wise as
their record would lead us to be
lieve, it can all be done by an in
telligent development of our gov-
ernmental agencies under the pres- l
ent constitution. It will require some |
new subsidiary control activities and j
also the renovation and combination !
of some of the older bureaus.
"But the large fact which the dis- j
cussion brings out is that the ma- j
chine requires skillful driving and j
that the average politician of the
present day is not a very good ;
driver. We need a lot of better
drivers and they should know some
thing about machines, and they need
not be great orators."
