# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
/*' "'
mi
INDIANS!
Meet the
FAMOUS
MILKSHAKE
OPEN FROM
7 A.M. TO 8 P.M.
Peninsula
Creamery
Hamilton et Emerson
