# Tyler Dance Bids Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
Tyler's Fireball dance Saturday
night will feature an adventure in
Hell, according to dance chairman
Bill Blaisdell. Tickets for Tyler's
all-campus dance will go on sale
at noon today for $1 in the A.S.S.U.
office.
Decorations will emphasize a visit
through Dante's Inferno with va
porous fire rising from the floor.
An orchestra will play for the dance
which will be limited to 125 couples.
Dress for the occasion will be
dressy sport clothes. The orchestra
will play from 9 to 1 and dancing
will be held in three large rooms.
The Fireball dance will be the
last all-campus dance to be held at
the hilltop hall before the Delts
take possession again this summer.
During the past year Tyler had fea
tured three all-campus dances, the
Gardenia Lei, Tojo's Ball, and Val
entine Day dance.
All of the Tyler social fund will
be used up in the expenses of this
dance to make it a fitting finish to
the two-year possession of the hall,
Blaisdell added.
Committee heads include: Mo
Giordano, Doug Snell, Jim Goesser,
Frank Schuster, John Sabin, Willie
Davies, Jack Siemer, and Rod
Browning, aided by members of the
hall.
