# Spring Show Opens May 10
## 
### 
Spring Show will be presented in
the main theater of the Memorial
Auditorium this year, announced
Newt Arnold, Ram's Head member.
Spring Show last year was present
ed in the Little Theater, as the Au
ditorium was not free for enough
rehearsal time. More people will
thus be able to see the production,
which will be given only two days,
May 10 and 11.
The rehearsals of the old-time
melodrama, "East Lynne," are com
ing along "very satisfactorily," said
Arnold. He feels that by the open
ing night they will have a "good
production."
The Spring Show has always fea
tured a melodramatic play, with
olio acts presented between the
scenes of the play. "East Lynne" is
an old-time melodrama which has
been famous since the nineteenth
century, according to Arnold.
The dates for ticket sales will be
announced later.
