# QUADS SELL TODAY
## 
### 
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
Quad yearbooks for 15)47 will be
sold today from 9 to 2 in front ol
the Post Office.
The price of the books runs to
$6.25 for Quads with names, $5.75
without names.
