# Collins Car Taken Saturday Morning
## 
### 
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
A 15)3.1 green Buiek belonging
to Robert A. Collins, Boathousc
was stolen Saturday morning
from the Boat house parking lot
according to Police Chief Gor
don Davis.
