# P.E. Classes Will Be Held This Week
## 
### 
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
Contrary to reports In a Con
Home brochure, all physical rdu
cation classes today, tomorrow
and Thursday afternoon will be
held as usual at 3:15 and 4:15
p.m.
