# Vucinich to Speak At Tuesday Series
## 
### 
First-hand "Impressions of the
Soviet Union" will be given by
Wayne S. Vucinieh tonight at
7:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
Professor Vucinieh of the His
tory Department, a specialist in
eastern Europe, spent six months
last year on an extensive tour of
that area. He was on one of the
first private tours to be taken
through this area in the past 18
years.
Shortly after his return he ex
pressed the feeling that the Unit
ed States has more friends be
hind the Iron Curtain than in the
West.
Dr. Vucinich was permitted to
photograph all but the obvious
military installations and was
given ample opportunity to ob
serve conditions in the area dur
ing his month's stay in Russia.
His lecture is a part of the
Tuesday Evening Series.


WAYNE S. VUCINICH
"Friends Behind Iron Curtain"
