# Bill Proposes Ban On Foreign Honors
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5 (UP).—
Representative Harold Knutson, R.,
Minn., today introduced a bill to
prohibit American citizens from ac
cepting presents or titles of any
kind from "kinys, princes, or foreign
governments."
Suspension of citizenship for two
years would be the penalty for vio
lation.
Knutson said the bill was not
prompted by Germany's recent be
stowal of honors on Henry Ford and
Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh.
