# Valle to Discuss Monroe Doctrine
## 
### 
"The Monroe Doctrine" will be
discussed by Professor Rafael H.
Valle, honorary curator in Mexico
City of the Mexican and Centra]
American collections in the Hoover
War Library, when he speaks next
Wednesday afternoon in the audi
torium of the Education building,
announces the Committee on Public
Exercises.
Prominent in diplomatic relations
between Latin America and the
United States, Professor Valle has
served as Honduran consul, in 1915-
16; secretary of the special Hon
duran missions to Washington, in
volving the boundary dispute with
Guatemala, in 1918, 1920, and 1931;
and secretary of the Honduran mis
sion to Mexico in 1921.

France is planning to install the
world's most powerful television
station in the Eiffel tower.
