# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
Sword and Sandals Society an
nounces the election of Miss Chry
sella Hunker, '21, as honorary
member.
