# DISCRIMINATION OR CARELESSNESS
## 
### 
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
The first of the Stadium Grand Operas, "I'Pag
liacci," held Saturday night, was wonderful both
from an artistic and scenic point of view. Not only
that, but the opera was held in the open air in the
Stadium and was the first event of such kind ever
attempted hereabouts. Yet before the opera there
were only small news stories in the city papers, and
after the performance there were write-ups on the
inside of most of the city papers, so that the pub
licity for the operas was very effectively hidden.
This is lamentable in the face of what the operas
arc contributing to, as well as their being so excel
lent. The "Pony Circus," which is being given on
the Ilahn estate in Menlo, has gotten much more
publicity than the opera contests. While the Circle
is being given solely for charity, the income from
the opera performances might be considerably raised
by the procuring of real "space'' in the newspapers
of the bay region, so that the news would be avail
able to the casual reader without looking into the
inside of the paper for it. It should certainly be
"front page stuff."
