# Students to Have Holiday On Washington's Birthday
## 
### 
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
No classes will be held Monday in ob
servation of Washington's Birthday. Feb
ruary 22 is a traditional University holi
day and is the only one of the winter quar
ter. It is allowed by the Academic
Council.
