# Espinosa, Thomas Publish Text on Pronunciation
## 
### 
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages department, and Pro
fessor Navarro Thomas of Madrid, have
recently completed a textbook on Spanish
pronunciation.
This book is the first of its kind to be
published in the United States, and rep
resents several years' work by its authors.
It is intended to be used as a brief intro
duction to the pronunciation of the Span
ish language as spoken by the educated
class.
