# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
The election of Ted Milter as
vice-president of the class of 1920 was
loft out of the election story printed
yesterday. The count was: Miller 97,
Marjorie Allen 47.
