# APPLE WORM RAVAGES DISCUSSED BY SMITH
## 
### 
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
Problems and factors in controlling
the codling moth, or apple worm, were
explained and discussed by Professor
Ralph H. Smith of the biology depart
ment before a joint meeting of the
Science Association and Sigma Xi.
scientific fraternity, held in the Fac
ulty Clubhouse last night.
The codling moth destroys one-third
of the nine-million-dollar apple crop
anuually marketed by California grow
ers, according to Smith. Spraying with
arsenate of lead has been the chief
method of combating the pest, but
Smith has found in recent laboratory
experiments that the larva does not
eat the poisoned skin of the apple.
The lecture was illustrated with nu
merous lantern slides and was fol
lowed by a discussion by members of
the two societies.
