# Bailey Newlee to Sing at Meeting of German Club
## 
### 
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
Bailey Hayden Newlee, tenor, will
sing a number of German songs at a
meeting of the German club at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the Women's club
house. His accompanist will be Mar
gery Blackwelder.
The songs will be "Still wie die
Nacht" by Bohm, "Nur wer die
Sehnsueht kennt" by Tscliaikowski,
and "Wenn die Rosen bluhn" by
Reichardt.
