# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
For further information, rail
|OE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
261 5 Cov»p»'r St, DA 2-3067
Pjlrt Alto
