# Job Interviews
## 
### 
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
The Procter and Gamble Mann
facturing Company's representa
live will be on campus today and
tomorrow to interview students in
chemical, mechanical, industrial,
electrical, and civil engineering
and chemistry.
* tfc *
An Equitable Life Assurance So
ciety representative is on campus
today and tomorrow to interview
law school graduates and A B.'s in
terested in life insurance and group
insurance work,
+* • *
A representative of Motorola,
Incorporated, is on campus today
to interview electronic and me
chanical engineers.
* * 4
Examinations for teaching posi
tions in the Los Angeles schools
have been announced in art, Eng
lish, mathematics, science, social
studies, and other fields. For fur
ther information contact the Place
ment Service.
