# 'No progress' claims NFL's second week
## 
### Associated Press 
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
Washington — Nearly 11
hours of negotiations pro
duced no progress yesterday
in the 10-day-old National
Football League players'
strike, but both sides agreed
to resume bargaining talks to
day.
Meanwhile, the strike of
ficially claimed its second reg
ular-season weekend.
"There was no progress...,"
Jack Donlan. chief negotiator

for the NFL Management
Council, said after the day
long session ended at 8:45
p.m. "It's not an optimistic
thing. The truth is they want
to emasculate the clubs."
Gene U pshaw, president of
the NFL Players Association,
said: "Nothing has changed.
Absolutely nothing of sub
stance happened. It's a sad
state of affairs. The players
out there should be con
cerned."
