# Stanford Frosh Face Brubabes;
## 
### 
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
Stanford's frosh footballers will
try to make amends when they tan
gle with UCLA's yearlings in the
10:30 a.m. preliminary tomorrow in
the Los Angeles Coliseum.
The Papooses, eked out by Santa
Clara last Saturday, have been
sharpening up on their blocking as
signments and offensive timing, and
should be a vastly improved team
tomorrow.
Coach Bob Ghilotti announced

several lineup changes, one of them
rather startling. He hinted that
Doug Collins may open in place of
highly touted Bob Garrett at quar
terback. Collins pieced together a
nice scoring drive last Saturday and
showed finesse at the signal-caller
spot.
The Bruinbabes are reputed to
have a wealth of backfield talent
with a thin line—which points to a
free-scoring battle tomorrow.
