# This Morning's Headlines
## UN Troops Mop Up Red Korea Capital 
### 
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
TOKYO, Friday, Oct. 20 (UP) —
American and South Korean forces
fanned out through the business and
other main sections of Pyongyang
against scattered resistance today,
and cxpccted to have the city se
cured by nightfall.
The U.S. Ist Cavalry Division, first
to enter the Communist capital,
fanned out from its Tacdong River
beachhead westward into the main
business district.
The South Korean Ist Division,
which entered the city from the east
only 18 minutes after the Americans
drove in from the south, mopped up
.stranded and by-passed Communists
on the northeast side of the town.
