# IIR OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
'I tie I Club and the lIR invite the
campus to an open house this af
ternoon at 4 in the lIR office, fea
turing a panel discussion by four
foreign students.
