# "ON THE BOAT"
## 
### 
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
URESHMAN students will get no better opportunity to learn Stanford
traditions and customs than by attending the series'of Freshman As
semblies, the first of which will be held tonight. Upperclassmen and
prominent faculty men will talk at these assemblies on such subjects as
Stanford ideals, Stanford customs, clean athletics, and the honor system.
All entering students should make it a point to attend these meetings.
<j><3><s>
