# CIVIL ENGINEERS MEET WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
The Stanford Student Branch of The
Amrican Society of Civil Engineers
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter at the Breakers' Club, Wed
nesday evening, at 7:30 p.m. A paper
011 "The Inventory and Valuation of
Large Corporations," will be presented
by L. G. Haskell, a member of the
society. During the last summer Has
kell had charge of a field party tak
ing inventory of buildings and other
structures for the Standard Oil Co.
