# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
The first university school of jour
nalism was founded at Michigan in
1880.
