# Untitled Article
## 
### 
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
K.S. Jordan, '10, and his wife,
were visitors on the campus yester
day.
