# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
The Young Women's Christian
Association will hold a series of meet
ings, March second to seventh under
the leadership of Bertha Condey, one
of the national secretaries. The ser
ies was arranged at the recent con
vention in Kansas City, at the insti
gation of Miss Leslie Blanchard, '12,
Miss Eileen Everett, '14, and Miss
Condey.
