# Quillen Addresses Ed Doctoral Club
## 
### 
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
Dr. I. James Quillen, Stanford
professor of education and adviser
to the Ed School Doctoral Club,
spoke yesterday on "Techniques of
Documentary Research" at the reg
ular Tuesday afternoon meeting of
the club in Cubberley lounge.
After Quillen's talk, Alan Covey,
former San Francisco State Col
lege librarian and now a Stanford
doctoral student, spoke briefly on
"Microfilm as a Source of Gather
ing Data."
