# Library Sale Hailed Success
## 
### 
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
Several hundred students and
faculty members jammed the front
lobby of the library vesteiday to
make the second surplus book sale
a big success. "Seventy dollars'
worth of books were sold in the
first hour," reported William B.
Ready, chief acquisition librarian
"Most people," Heady commented,
"were impressed with the low prices
and could not pass through the lob
by without buying one or two
books."
Becausc of the two successful
surplus sales so far, the library
plans to make it a quarterly event
Ready added that there is a per
manent surplus book sale in the re
ceiving room of the library
Students or faculty are welcome
in the receiving room at any time
during the quarter to browse and
purchase as they wish.
