# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
7 p.m. — Campus
Conference: Stanford
President Richard Lyman is
questioned by student
journalists
7:30 p.m. — Out of the
DoDhouse: KZSU's weekly
program on the Woman's
Movement looks at abortion.
8 p.m. — Special
Broadcast: Last night's
speech by conservative
spokesman William Buckley
will be broadcast in its
entirety.
