# Cap and Gown Sales Of Calendars Continue
## 
### 
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
Cap and Gown calendars arc on
sale in women's living groups, at
the Cellar, the Bookstore, the
Village store, and the ASSU of
fice for $1, according to Nancy
Bannick, sales and distribution
chairman. Miss Bannick added
that students could buy six cal
endars for $5.
Pi •oceeds from the sale of these
calendars will go toward Cap and
Gown's scholarship fund, Miss
Bannick stated.
