# Health Service Urges Students' Vaccinations
## 
### 
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
All students who want to be
vaccinated for prevention of in
fluenza in the coming "clanger
months" are urged to come to the
Health Service offices this week.
Influenza vaccine will he admin
istered this afternoon and all day
tomorrow, free of charge and with
out appointment.
