# Race Issue Killed At Santa Barbara
## 
### 
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
Students at Santa Barbara Col
lege, a branch ol the University of
California, defeated an amendment
to their student body constitution
last week which would have denied
campus recognition and privileges
to organizations restricting mem
bership on the basis of race, reli
gion, or color.
"Climaxing a controversy which
stirred the campus for weeks," as
El Gaucho, official student news
paper of UCSB, stated, the pro
posed amendment fell 249 votes
short of the two-thirds necessary
for incorporation in the constitu
tion. The measure was endorsed by
the Santa Barbara chapter, Students
for Democratic Action.
Originally turned down by the
student council as a proposed
amendment,, the measure was re
ferred to the student body by popu
lar petition. It was defeated only
after the election had been extend
ed half a day in order to obtain the
three - fourths participation neces
sary for an official flection.
