# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
Preregistration for fall quarter
starts today. Students should pick up
study list cards from their advisors
today, tomorrow or Friday. The ad
visor's signature on the card is re
quired for every student. Signing of
class lists will begin Monday.
