# Asilomar Meeting
## 
### 
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
All YWCA and YMCA members
arc invited to attend a meeting to
day at 4:15 in the Women's Club
house to discuss plans for the com
ing intercollegiate conference at
Asilomar.
The conference will be held from
December 26 through January 1. '
The theme will be "Achieving Per
sonal Maturity."
The coeducational meeting annu- I
ally draws 400 students from the !
Pacific Southwest and Hawaii. Stan
ford is not limited as to the num
ber of delegates it may send, and
all students interested can attend.
