# QUAD PROMOTION
## 
### 
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
The Stanfoxd Quad announces the
promotion of Bill Stewart to head
photographer.
