# Senior Class Meeting
## 
### 
The Senior Class met iu room 10
this afternoon, purauant to the call
of President Bannister. It was
understood that final arrangements
would be made for class day exer
cises, and a large number attended
to express their opinions. It was
ordered that the class hold a recep
tion on the evening of class day.
The ru-xt motion, to thee fleet that
dancing be understood to be one of
the features of the evening, was
objected to in a speech by Ilich.
The motion was carried. Smith,
Ruchanan and Faris were appointed
the committee to take full charge.
The Senior Class met iu room 10
this afternoon, purauant to the call
of President Bannister. It was
understood that final arrangements
would be made for class day exer
cises, and a large number attended
to express their opinions. It was
ordered that the class hold a recep
tion on the evening of class day.
The ru-xt motion, to thee fleet that
dancing be understood to be one of
the features of the evening, was
objected to in a speech by Ilich.
The motion was carried. Smith,
Ruchanan and Faris were appointed
the committee to take full charge.
