# NAACP to Hear Civil Rights' Head
## 
### 
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
The head of the civil rights sec
tion of the California Department
of Justice, Franklin Williams,
will address the Palo Alto Stan
ford Branch of the National As
sociation for the Advancement of
Colored People tonight at 8 in the
Palo Alto Community Center.
Williams' functions include in
vestigation and legal interven
tion in various civil rights mat
ters.
Among his future jobs will be to
enter the case of the San Jose
chapter of the "40 and 8" Society,
a social affiliate of the American
Legion.
The San Jose "40 and 8" Society
was deprived of its charter by the
American Legion because it elect
ed a Chinese - American as its
president.
