# Professor Speaks On Japanese Art
## 
### 
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
Dr. Yukio Yashiro will give the
second of his lectures on Japa
nese sculpture and painting to
night at 8 p.m. at Bowman Alum
ni House.
This series of lectures, spon
sored by the Stanford Committee
for Art, is open only to the fac
ulty, and students.
