# Bert Bell Dies
## 
### 
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
Commissioner Bert Bell of the
National Football League died
Sunday of a heart attack. He
was stricken while watching a
game between the Pittsburgh
Steelers and the Philadelphia
Eagles, and died some ten min
utes later in University Hospital
in Philadelphia.
Professional football under Bell
became respected as a sport,
rather than a sideshow, since he
took over as Commissioner in
191(5.
