# POLO TRYOUTS
## 
### 
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
All candidates for the position of
polo manager should report to En
cina polo lie Id Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock. Junior men are eligible
for the position, according to Nat
Kendall, manager.
