# FIRST BANQUET OF SERIES HELD FOR DEBATERS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Varsity and frosh debating squad
members will attend a banquet to
night at 6:30 o'clock at Spearin's.
Over thirty students have signed up
to attend, in addition to Coach
James G. Emerson, Assistant Coach
Leland Chapin, and Manager John
Gange.
Joseph Wolf and Nicol Smith will
furnish entertainment by telling of
their varied experiences in world
traveling. Speeches will also be
given by the coaches.
The need of a certain amount of
social life in connection with debat
ing work, without the trouble of
forming a debating society, is being
filled by a series of informal din
ners, of which this is the first.
All men who are members of
either the varsity or frosh squads
are invited to attend, and must sig
nify their intention to do so by
signing up on the bulletin board
outside room 200C.
