# MACDONALD IN HEATED CAMPAIGN
## 
### 

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald is fighting to hold his power in
England. Here he is driving home a salient point during a campaign
speech to coal miners in Durham.
