# SALE OF SEATS TODAY IN FRONT OF CLUBHOUSE
## Berkeley Square" Seats Priced From $1.25 To 75 Cents Today 
### 
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
Seats will go on sale for "Berkeley
Square" at 1 o'clock today in front
of the Women's Clubhouse. Tickets
are priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 75
cents. Reservations may also be
made at Keeblc's in Palo A!to and
at the Old Union.
Described as one of the truly in
teresting plays of the last few years,
"Berkeley Square," which will be
presented on Friday, October 30, as
the first Dramatic Council produc
tion of the year, has attracted con
siderable interest among Stanford
theatregoers. There have been an
unusually large number of mail
orders sent in to the dramatic man
ager's office.
New Talent
This production of John L. Bal
derston's with its mystery, comedy,
and romance, will be played by an
excellent cast, most of whom are
seasoned actors of proven dramatic
ability.
There are, however, several new
comers who are showing up excep
tionally well at rehearsals. Jim
Sandoe, cast as Mr. Throstle, the
meek and devoted suitor for Helen
Pettigrew's hand, and Barbara Col
lins portraying the Duchess of
Devonshire, are the two whose work
to date has shown most promise.
Sandoe Good
With a distinguished flair for
pantomime and his lucid diction,
Sandoe bids fair to steal a good
share of the applause in all scenes
in which he appeal's. He has the
ability of submerging himself into
the personality of his characteriza
tion and giving a perfectly natural
interpretation.
As if accustomed to the ways of
a typical English duchess of the
eighteenth century, Barbara Collins
has made her portrayal one of the
most vivid in the play. One of the
most entrancing and enchinating
maids of recent years is to be found
in Kathleen Hatfield who will make
her first appearance here in this
presentation.
Members of the cast are to re
hearse in costume tonight, Helven
ston announced. The call has been
set for 7 o'clock and all scenes will
be taken in exact order.
