# SUPREME COURT SITS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. (/P)—The
Supreme Court strode into the field
of new petitions before it today to
weed out some of the cases pre
sented and mark others which it
will let ripen into decisions.
