# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
—G. R. Greenleaf, '96, has just
recovered from a severe illness in
Washington, D. C.
—Harleigh Soper, '96, of San
Francisco, was recently admitted
to the practice of medicine in this
State by an examination, being
admitted before the completion of
his course at Cooper Medical Col
lege. Among the practicing physi
cians of San Francisco are D. E. F.
Easton, ex-'95, and Clarence Pot
ter, ex-'95.
—G. R. Greenleaf, '96, has just
recovered from a severe illness in
Washington, D. C.
—Harleigh Soper, '96, of San
Francisco, was recently admitted
to the practice of medicine in this
State by an examination, being
admitted before the completion of
his course at Cooper Medical Col
lege. Among the practicing physi
cians of San Francisco are D. E. F.
Easton, ex-'95, and Clarence Pot
ter, ex-'95.
—G. R. Greenleaf, '96, has just
recovered from a severe illness in
Washington, D. C.
—Harleigh Soper, '96, of San
Francisco, was recently admitted
to the practice of medicine in this
State by an examination, being
admitted before the completion of
his course at Cooper Medical Col
lege. Among the practicing physi
cians of San Francisco are D. E. F.
Easton, ex-'95, and Clarence Pot
ter, ex-'95.
—G. R. Greenleaf, '96, has just
recovered from a severe illness in
Washington, D. C.
—Harleigh Soper, '96, of San
Francisco, was recently admitted
to the practice of medicine in this
State by an examination, being
admitted before the completion of
his course at Cooper Medical Col
lege. Among the practicing physi
cians of San Francisco are D. E. F.
Easton, ex-'95, and Clarence Pot
ter, ex-'95.
—G. R. Greenleaf, '96, has just
recovered from a severe illness in
Washington, D. C.
—Harleigh Soper, '96, of San
Francisco, was recently admitted
to the practice of medicine in this
State by an examination, being
admitted before the completion of
his course at Cooper Medical Col
lege. Among the practicing physi
cians of San Francisco are D. E. F.
Easton, ex-'95, and Clarence Pot
ter, ex-'95.
