# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
Women interested in wireless oper
ating may receive information about
it from Miss Edith Harvey, who is
chairman of Vocations committee.
The summer camp which was con
templated depends entirely upon the
decision of the government. If the
University is turned over to men for
a training camp, it is possible that
women may also receive training.
However, nothing definite can be
planned until word is received from
headquarters.
