# Tuesday Series
## 
### 
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium, Ernst Ba
con, Pulitzer Prize and Guggen
heim Fellowship winner, will give
a piano recital of his own compo
sitions. Bacon, who has been a
visiting professor of Music here
on leave from Syracuse University
since January, will be assisted in
several dual compositions by his
wife.
Margaret Broughton will sing
several solo pieces during the re
cital.
The recital is open to the public.
