# Press Announces Appointment Of Snyder, Hargrove
## 
### 
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
Two appointments to the staff
of the Stanford University Press
were announced recently by Leon
Seltzer, Press director.
William Snyder, formerly with
Ilcnry Holt & Company, has been
named art director-designer, and
Murrey Hargrove, assistant ad
vertising manager at Columbia
University Press, is the new ad
vertising manager at Stanford.
Hargrove attended Peabody Col
lege and Columbia and served in
the Air Force before joining the
Columbia press staff in 1953.
Snyder had been with the Co
lumbia press for four years when
he joined Holt in 1954. He has
also done free-lance book and
magazine design. He holds de
grees from Antioch and Colum
bia.
