# Business Conference Keynoter
## 
### 

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.

Martin R. Gainsbrugh, chief economist of the National Industrial
Conference Board, who is loading Stanford's Fifteenth Annual Busi
ness Conference this week.
