# Dean Jackson Elected Charter Member of I.M.A.
## 
### 
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness has been elected a charter
member of the board of directors
of the International Management
Association.
The international group is a di
vision of the American Manage
ment Association. Dean Jackson
has been a national director of
the AMA for many years.
After 30 years service on the
Stan for' i faculty, Dean Jackson
will retire September 1. He has
been head of the Business School
since 1931.
