# WESTERN UNION
## PRESENTS TELEGRAMS 
### TELEFAX 
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type te<egraph%quipmcnt tcj scve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telpgram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to charge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements arc
rendered monthly.
