# This Morning's Headlines
## Many Die as Guns Thunder in Suez 
### 
CAIRO, Egypt, Nov. IS (UP) —
British troops and Egyptian policc
in the Suez Canal town of Ismailia
drilled today in a pitched battle in
which Egyptian authorities said 14
persons were killed—six policemen,
three civilians, and five Britons.
Interior Minister Fuad Scrag El
Din announced tonight that 23 per
sons—ls police and eight civilians
—were injured in the gun battle in
the streets of Ismailia, the second
such outbreak within 24 hours.
Casualties in the earlier clash
were not announced.
Egyptian civilians fought along
side the police against the British
in what shaped up as the bloodiest
rlash of Egypt's campaign to drive
the British out of the Suez Canal
Zone.
