# Rodents sign new pact
## 
### 

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.

Alvin, Simon and Theodore Chipmunk, known collectively as The Chipmunks, have signed a
long-term, exclusive contract with RCA Records, according to sources close to the band.
Their first album under the new agreement, 'Urban Chipmunk,' is due before the end of the
month.
