# FORMER STANFORDITE RECEIVES PROMOTION
## 
### 
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
Stanley S. Schnetzler, Stanford
'17, author of many short stories,
has been notified of his promotion
to the rank of lieutenant comman
der in the naval reserve supply
corps. He is attached to the head
quarters division of the naval re
serve aviation base at Long Beach.
Schnetzler, who took his degree
here in pro-legal work, saw service
in the navy during the World War
on board the I'.S.S. Venetia.
