# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
It is predicted that, half of the
United States' warships will be
obsolete by 1936.
