# Adv. 57 Page 23
## 
### 
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
The Daily is taking a break
so we can pass (some of) our
classes. The paper will be
back on Tuesday, January 4.
