# ROOTERS WILL BE OPPOSITE
## California and Stanford Sections To Face Each Other at Varsity Game. 
### 
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
Arrangements were completed
yesterday between Treasurer Bar
rett and Manager Decoto of the
University of California to have the
rival rooting sections on opposite
sides of the field at the coming Var
sity football game with California
November 12th. This comes as a re
sult of several years' discussion and
comment, and will be received with
approval by the college community.
The arrangement cannot be carried
out at the intercollegiate Freshman
game next month. The bleachers
at California are in course of con
struction, and it would be impossi
ble to make changes necessary to
complete the new plan in time for
this game.
The sections which will be used
this year for the rooters will over
look the same portion of the field
as formerly, being situated midway
betwee the end and center of the
field.
The tickets for both of the inter
collegiate games have been ordered.
The price of the tickets for the Var
sity game will be as follows: Cov
ered seats $'2.50, uncovered central
seats, $2.00, rooters' seats, $1.50,
end seats, $1.50, and standing room,
$1.00. A uniform charge of one
dollar will be made for all seats at
the intercollegiate Freshman game.
