# Flood in Library.
## 
### 
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
During the heavy rain this morn
ing the basements of the Library
building and Assembly Hall were
Hooded. Although a great deal of
water came in under the windows
and doors, little damage was done.
The Bcenery in Assembly Hall
basement belonging to the student
body was damaged and a few books
in the Library were water-soaked.
