# Daily Has Openings For Photographers
## 
### 
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
Photographers arc needed now
for staff work on The Stanford
Daily.
No previous experience is neces
sary. Interested students will be
trained by Daily photographers, an
nounced head photographer Dave
Rosenthal. Darkroom facilities and
all equipment arc provided by The
Daily.
Those interested may contact Ro
senthal at the Daily Shack after 7
tonight.
