# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
at-
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 Forest Ave. DA 3-5161
