# BONFIRE IGNITED
## 
### 
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
Wood intended for the Big Game
bonfire was ignited late Wednesday
night in the dry bed of Lake Lag.
The Stanford Fire Department
suspected pranksters. Approximate
ly six truckloads were burned.
