# Schedule Changes
## 
### 
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
Additions:
ce 224 Public Finance F 1:1513:05
Bartle (3)
Communication 208 The Broadcast
Editorial Seminar in editoial writ
ing and production for Television
and Radio primarily for A.M. stu
dents in Broadcast Journalism and
for A.M. students in Broadcasting
and Film. 3 units Dundes Tuesday
7:30tl0:00 p.m.
Russian 112 Third year Russian Com
position TTh 10:00 Pashin 62M (3)
Change*
Speech and Drama 200 Early American
Drama MWF 11:00 Philbrick
m 208.
