# Briefly
## 
### 
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
Clint's now a man. But does it
count?
Thursday staff lunch. Everyone
should attend.
It's election time and there's poll
ing in the air.
