# Program for the Olympic Games.
## 
### 
The Greek committee, presided over
by the Prince Regal, has just sent out
the official program of the Olympic
•rames to be celebrated at Athens, Ap
ril sto 15, 1896. The athletic sports
will consist of foot-races at distances of
100, 400, 800, and 1000 metres, long
jumping, high jumping, and putting the
shot. $10,000 has been raised by the
committee for clearing the rubbish
from ihe ancient race course, where
these contests will be held. There will
also be a cross-country run of iorty
eight kilometres over the course fol
lowed by the legendary soldiers of Mar
athon, from the battle field to Athens
The gymnastic exercises will be the
usual feats of the present time, such as
trapeze performances, work on the par
allel bars, etc. Wrestling will hold an
important place on the program, but
boxing has been ruled out by the com
mittee. There will also be shooting,
swimming, and boat, bicycle, and horse
racing. Cricket, lawn tennis, and
football matches will also be played.
Amateurs only will be allowed to com
pete in all these events. In addition
there will be a series of fencing con
tests open to professionals. —Princeton-
The Greek committee, presided over
by the Prince Regal, has just sent out
the official program of the Olympic
•rames to be celebrated at Athens, Ap
ril sto 15, 1896. The athletic sports
will consist of foot-races at distances of
100, 400, 800, and 1000 metres, long
jumping, high jumping, and putting the
shot. $10,000 has been raised by the
committee for clearing the rubbish
from ihe ancient race course, where
these contests will be held. There will
also be a cross-country run of iorty
eight kilometres over the course fol
lowed by the legendary soldiers of Mar
athon, from the battle field to Athens
The gymnastic exercises will be the
usual feats of the present time, such as
trapeze performances, work on the par
allel bars, etc. Wrestling will hold an
important place on the program, but
boxing has been ruled out by the com
mittee. There will also be shooting,
swimming, and boat, bicycle, and horse
racing. Cricket, lawn tennis, and
football matches will also be played.
Amateurs only will be allowed to com
pete in all these events. In addition
there will be a series of fencing con
tests open to professionals. —Princeton-
The Greek committee, presided over
by the Prince Regal, has just sent out
the official program of the Olympic
•rames to be celebrated at Athens, Ap
ril sto 15, 1896. The athletic sports
will consist of foot-races at distances of
100, 400, 800, and 1000 metres, long
jumping, high jumping, and putting the
shot. $10,000 has been raised by the
committee for clearing the rubbish
from ihe ancient race course, where
these contests will be held. There will
also be a cross-country run of iorty
eight kilometres over the course fol
lowed by the legendary soldiers of Mar
athon, from the battle field to Athens
The gymnastic exercises will be the
usual feats of the present time, such as
trapeze performances, work on the par
allel bars, etc. Wrestling will hold an
important place on the program, but
boxing has been ruled out by the com
mittee. There will also be shooting,
swimming, and boat, bicycle, and horse
racing. Cricket, lawn tennis, and
football matches will also be played.
Amateurs only will be allowed to com
pete in all these events. In addition
there will be a series of fencing con
tests open to professionals. —Princeton-
The Greek committee, presided over
by the Prince Regal, has just sent out
the official program of the Olympic
•rames to be celebrated at Athens, Ap
ril sto 15, 1896. The athletic sports
will consist of foot-races at distances of
100, 400, 800, and 1000 metres, long
jumping, high jumping, and putting the
shot. $10,000 has been raised by the
committee for clearing the rubbish
from ihe ancient race course, where
these contests will be held. There will
also be a cross-country run of iorty
eight kilometres over the course fol
lowed by the legendary soldiers of Mar
athon, from the battle field to Athens
The gymnastic exercises will be the
usual feats of the present time, such as
trapeze performances, work on the par
allel bars, etc. Wrestling will hold an
important place on the program, but
boxing has been ruled out by the com
mittee. There will also be shooting,
swimming, and boat, bicycle, and horse
racing. Cricket, lawn tennis, and
football matches will also be played.
Amateurs only will be allowed to com
pete in all these events. In addition
there will be a series of fencing con
tests open to professionals. —Princeton-
