# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Uobert Mackenzie, D. D., who is
to preach iu the chapel Sunday
moruiug, is oue of the most eloquent
divines on the coast. He is pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco, and should be a very
interesting man to us, for having
preached the first sermon ever given
iu our chappel, Oct. 4, 1801. His
subject of that time was "Essential
Truths." There will be a conllict of
inclinations among church-goers, as
the new church at I'alo Alto, whose
erection has been watched with in
terest, is to he dedicated Sunday.
Uobert Mackenzie, D. D., who is
to preach iu the chapel Sunday
moruiug, is oue of the most eloquent
divines on the coast. He is pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco, and should be a very
interesting man to us, for having
preached the first sermon ever given
iu our chappel, Oct. 4, 1801. His
subject of that time was "Essential
Truths." There will be a conllict of
inclinations among church-goers, as
the new church at I'alo Alto, whose
erection has been watched with in
terest, is to he dedicated Sunday.
Uobert Mackenzie, D. D., who is
to preach iu the chapel Sunday
moruiug, is oue of the most eloquent
divines on the coast. He is pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco, and should be a very
interesting man to us, for having
preached the first sermon ever given
iu our chappel, Oct. 4, 1801. His
subject of that time was "Essential
Truths." There will be a conllict of
inclinations among church-goers, as
the new church at I'alo Alto, whose
erection has been watched with in
terest, is to he dedicated Sunday.
Uobert Mackenzie, D. D., who is
to preach iu the chapel Sunday
moruiug, is oue of the most eloquent
divines on the coast. He is pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco, and should be a very
interesting man to us, for having
preached the first sermon ever given
iu our chappel, Oct. 4, 1801. His
subject of that time was "Essential
Truths." There will be a conllict of
inclinations among church-goers, as
the new church at I'alo Alto, whose
erection has been watched with in
terest, is to he dedicated Sunday.
