# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


Shake
Women's basketball
shook up the Arizona
Wildcats on Saturday.
page 9

Rattle
The men's swim team
rattled N0.2 Michigan
over the weekend.
page 9

'n' Roll
Rolling a marijuana joint
is discouraged in a
letter to the editor.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the upper
50s and 60s
Wednesday:
More of the same


