# Riflers Top Mark
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
Stanford's varsity rifle team
compiled its highest score in four
years to defeat San Jose State,
1,422-1,383 yesterday. This moved
the Indians into second place be
hind defending national champion
Cal.
