# ENGAGEMENTS
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Terri Brooks, '61,
to Don Pet roe, '58, Theta Xi.
