# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Hart Priekett, 'GO,
to Harry Switzer, University of
Arizona, '57.
