# Cap and Gown
## 
### 
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
In addition to the new members
announced last night are the follow
ing: Miss J. D. McGilvray, o*7, Miss
H. W. Severy, '07, and Miss P.
Gartzman, 07.
