# Chaplain Will Hold First Service.
## 
### 
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
The first chapel service of the se
mester will he held in the University
chapel at 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ins. The Reverend D. Charles Gard
ner, University chaplain, will be the
preacher.
