# V.M.C.A. Will Hold Evening Services.
## 
### 
The first of the series of Sunday
meetings to be given under the aus
pices of the Y. M. C. A. will take the
form of a special musical and song
service in the Chapel at 7:30 next
Sunday evening. Dr. W. T. Patchell,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church of San Jose, will be the
speaker of the evening. A male quar
tette is on the program for selections
as well as several good instrumental
soloists. This meeting is given under
the joint auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
and Y. W. C. A.
It is the plan of the committee hav
ing the Sunday services in charge to
present unusually interesting pro
grams with strong speakers and tal
ented musicians. The meetings will
be held less frequent intervals than
heretofore so as to insure programs
of high merit.
