# TWO VISITING, TWO LOCAL PROFESSORS TO TEACH HISTORY
## 
### 
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
Two visiting professors will offer
courses in history during the Stan
ford 1932 summer session, as well as
Professor Ralph 11. Lutz and Pro
fessor Payson J. Treat, who will
represent the regular Stanford fac
ulty.
Dr. John C. Parish, of the Uni-

versity of California at Los Angeles,
the author of several historical
biographies, will offer work in
American history. Dr. Parish has
studied in France and Spain and has
been on the faculties of Colorado
College and the University of lowa.
Professor Carl Stephenson of Cor
nell University, will offer courses
in medieval history. Professor Ste
phenson has taught at th-: Univer
sity of Arkansas, Princeton, Wash
ington University, and the Univer
sity of Wisconsin, as well as at sum
mer sessions at the University of
Chicago and Columbia University.


Dr. J. C. PARISH
