# SUMMER BOARD AND ROOM
## 
### 
Castilleja School for girls
in the beautiful Santa
Clara Valley, offers board
and room for families and
individual guests from
June 13 to September 12.
Outdoor swimming pool,
tennis courts, lovely gar
dens, restful atmosphere.
One mile from Stanford
University, thirty miles
from San Francisco,
twelve miles from ocean
beach. Within easy mo
toring distance of Carmel,
Monterey, Del Monte,
Pebble Beach, Yosemite,
and Lake Tanoe.
Room and Board: single
rooms $15.00 per week;
double rooms $1 2.50 each
person.
For reservations write
Mary I. Lockey, Castilleja
School, Palo Alto, Calif.
Regular Session of Castil
leja School opens Septem
ber 19, 1932. Catalogue
sent on request.
