# STANFORD ALUMNI RETURN TO TEACH HERE NEXT MONTH
## 
### 
Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

Several Stanford alumni, each of
whom has taught here before and
has gained reputation in other uni
versities, will be on the summer
quarter faculty this year.
Evans Holbrook, '97, now of the
University of Michigan law fac
ulty, will be visiting professor of
law at Stanford. He has been pro
fessor of that subject in former
summer quarters.
George R. Harrison, '19, who left
Stanford in 1930 to become director
of the research laboratory of ex
perimental physics and professor of
physics at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology and research
associate at Harvard and has held
those positions since, returns as
professor of physics for the sum
mer. Harrison received his Ph.D.
from Stanford in 1922 and was as
sociate professor when he left.
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., '27, who
received his Master's degree in 1928
and taught Spanish at Stanford dur
ing the next year, comes back from
the University of *Madrid, where
he has been for three years and ex
pects to receive his Doctor's de
gree this spring. He has been aid
ing in the preparation of the Lin
guistic Atlas under Menendez Pidal,
director of the Spanish Academy.
Mrs. Flora May Fearing, '17, A.M.
'18, who has taught at Stanford in
regular and summer sessions, comes
from the department of political
science at Ohio State University to
teach the same subject here.
Alice May Cooper, '07, A.M. '08,
comes from Modesto Junior College
to join the English faculty at Stan
ford as she did last summer.

