# SERIES OF SPECIAL LECTURES PLANNED
## 
### 
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
The Committee on Public Exer
cises announces that it, will con
tinue the regular Tuesday evening
lecture series in the Assembly Hall
during the summer quarter. No
program for this series has been
announced as yet.
An afternoon series of lectures in
the Little Theatre has also been
planned with visiting professors as
speakers. The Committee will also
sponsor three Friday evening en
tertainments during the summer.
These will be chiefly of a musical
nature.
