# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto

TOUGH GOING—With the advent of the rainy season, Medical
Corpsmen find the going tough as they slosh through ankle
deep mud with soldier wounded on "Old Baldy," the scene of
recent and bitter action against the Chinese in Korea.
—NEA Telephoto
