# Lagunita Will Host Campus at Open House
## 
### 
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
Lryjunita women will host an
all-campus bonfireside in Lagu
nita Court yard tonight from 9 to
11:30. Wieners to roast and root
beer on tap will be available free
of charge.
Ihe affair is sport, stag or drag.
Students are urged to bring their
guitars or ukes.
