# $3,000,000 FOR DROUGHT STATES
## 
### 
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
President Truman yesterday al
lotted $3,000,000 in federal emer
gency funds to rush feed for cattle

in Kentucky and Tennessee, two
hardest-hit states in the drought
stricken South.
