# Blood Bank Needs More Donors Now
## 
### 
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
Blood Bank sign up sheet will be
posted on the War Board office door
upstairs in the old Union until to
morrow noon, according to Jean
Richards, blood bank chairman.
