# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.

PICTURED above is Coach Jimmy
Phelan oi St. Mary's, whose under
dog team faces the College of Pa
cific tomorrow at Stockton.
