# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
Wanted—College Man
to sell yachts in his
spare time. Opportun
ity for the right man
to make liberal profit
with little effort. For
particulars address
Room 801, 300 Fourth
Ave., New York City.
