# FIVE GEOLOGISTS ATTENDING MEET IN SOUTHERN CAL
## Stanford Professors Will Read Papers Before Caltech Group 
### 
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
Five members of the Stanford
geology department are at California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena
today attending a joint convention
of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America, the
Pacific Coast branch of the Paleon
tological Society of America, and
the Branner Geological Club. James
Perrin Smith, late professor of pa
leontology here, will be eulogized
at this morning's meeting.

Eliot Blackwelder, professor of
Geology will speak on "Physio
graphic History of the Colorado
River"; Austin F. Rogers, professor
of mineralogy, will read a paper on
"The Occurence of Chromite in the
Dunite of Northwestern Siskiyou
County" and "Structural Crystal
lography." A paper on the "Struc
tural and Metamorphic History of a
Gneiss in the Wenatchee-Chelan
District, Washington," will be read
by Aaron Waters, instructor in ge
ology, and H. G. Schenck, assistant
professor of geology will read one
on the "Bivalves of the Genus
Acila."
Olaf P. Jenkins, '13, chief geolo
gist of the State division of mines,
will explain the "Compilation of the
Geology of the Mt. Shasta Quad
rangle" and "Sedelmeyer's New Re
lief Map of California." Simeon
Muller, assistant professor of ge
ology, is also attending the meet
ings.
