# WEDDING DATE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
Suzanne Niorden, recent Stanford
graduate, lias set Oct. 25 as the date
for her marriage to Robert Cahill.
Among the attendants wiil be two
classmates, Judy Peake and Anne
Shimmel.
