# AIR RESERVE ELECTS OWEN
## 
### 
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
Col. R. L. Owen was elected pres
ident of the local chapter of the
Army Air Corps Reserve at its
meeting Friday. Charter member
ship in a unit of the Air Reserve
Association formed Friday will be
open for one week.
