# Planning Goes On For Student Union
## 
### 
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
Tom Martzloff and Gene Mitguard
are working on plans for the estab
lishment of a fund for a new stu
dent union, said Martzloff yester
day.
A Student Union Committee was
established last year, but was dis
solved upon discovery that the un
ion would cost too much to build
in the near future.
Martzloff and Mitguard are now
looking for a scheme to build the
union fund.
