# CAL TECH RECORDS TREMOR
## 
### 
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
PASADENA, Oct. 6 (UP). An
earthquake of major intensity near
ly 8,000 miles away from here was
recorded at 12:09.03 p.m., PST, to
day by California Institute of Tech
nology.
Seismologists said they were not
able to determine the direction of
the earth movement but their in
struments showed it was a "large"
one at the point of origin.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE of the
Institute of International Rela
tions will hold a meeting at 4:15
p.m. today in its offices in the
Geography Building.
