# HAVANA SELECTED AS HOME OF A.I.I.C.
## 
### 
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
HAVANA, Feb. 124. {/¥)— Havana
was selected by delegates to the
First Congress of University Deans
and Rectors as the permanent, seat
of the American Institute of Intel
lectual (Jo-operation at its final
plenary sesion here this morning.
It also was announced that the
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial
Foundation had extended Latin
American fellowships of the Foun
dation to citizens of Cuba.
