# DEBATE TOPICS TO BE SELECTED
## English Team To Choose Three Questions 
### 
Three questions out of five ap
proved by the universities in Eng
land will be selected as topics for
debate by the Pacific Coast team
which will tour England this
spring. Robert McClintock of Stan
ford, together with speakers from
U.S.C. and California, will make
the trip, which is the first of its
kind in Pacific Coast forensic his
tory.
Some time ago the National Stu
dents' Federation of America sub
mitted a group of possible subjects
to the British schools to be de
bated. from which the English se
lected their five preferences. Two
of the questions directly concern
the United States and Great Brit
ain in contrast. They have been
stated as follows: "Resolved: That
one can be as happy in America as
in England"; and "Resolved: That
the American doctrine of pros
perity is sound."
The three remaining English
choices are: "Resolved: That this
house disapproves of modern wo
men, or of co-education"; and as
yet unstated question concerning
international disarmament, and in
volving the London Naval Confer
ence; and "Resolved: That this
house deplores the prevailing cyn
icism of modern thought."
