# '31, '32 REVOTE ON QUAD TODAY
## Reid Briggs, Bert Weyl Seek Presidency 
### 
rolls for the revote on the of
fices of junior secretary and sopho
more president and vice-president
will be open from S to 2 o'clock
today near the Law Steps. Only
members of the classes of 'ol and
'o2 are to vote.
This balloting, the third of the
regular mid-year A.S.S.U. and class
election, has been necessitated by
the omission from the first ballots
of four names, and by a tied vote
for the sophomore vice-presidency
last week.
Louise Ariz and Shutnway Sut'fel
are the candidates for the junior
secretaryship; Reid Briggs and
Berlin Weyl are the contestants
for president of the sophomore
class; and the revote on the sopho
more vice-presidency will be be
tween Jean Eleanor Magnus and
Richard Quigley. t
