# New House Nearly Ready for Sorority.
## 
### 
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
The Pi Beta Phi sorority are plan
ning to move in the uear future from
their present quarters on Salvatierra
street to their new house, at the cor
ner of Lasuen and Santa Ynez streets.
Work is being rushed on the new
house, and it will be ready for occu
pancy about the close of this semes
ter It was originally planned that
they should move to their new house
about Thanksgiving, but frequent rle
lays made it impossible for the con
tractor to complete his work within
the specified time.
