# Food Shortage Feared in Alaska
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
SEATTLE, Feb. 5 (UP). — With
vivid, unpleasant memories of ex
periences in the 1934 and 1936 mari
time strikes, Alaskans were re
trenching tonight to make their sup*
plies of staple and perishable foods
last.
They were preparing for another
possible shortage of supplies as a
strike by the Masters, Mates and Pi
lots' Association, Local 90, tied up
three ships in the Alaska service.
Three other boats en route tu Se
attle from Alaska will be tied up as
they arrive this week unless the dis
pute is settled.
Members of the union were call
ed off the boats Friday when the
steamship companied refused to ac
cept demands of the union for a
guarantee of 11 months work, and
8-hour day, an increase of $2. r )
monthly in pay for ships' masters.
