# Vaccination Slips Due
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
Vaccination certificates are due
now at tlie Registrar's ollice from
all new students.
Students who fail to file certifi
cates within a month from the
opening' of school will he fined.
