# Beta House Fate Will Be Decided
## 
### 
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
The future standing of the Beta
Theta Pi fraternity, suspended from
campus by administration action
last month, will be decided by July
15, Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler told the Daily yesterday.
The dean said that date was the
earliest possible when the opinions
of the members of Interfraternity
Board, disbanded for the summer,
can be gathered.
He said that the administration
was forced to take action against
the well-known house following a
drinking party there the week dur
ing commencement.
