# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
I Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
| re-buying,
trecj2
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
! Tretorn Tiger
[ Nike Head
Converse And more.
tred2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo AHo
324-0700
