# Communication.
## 
### 
1 wish to take issue vvitli the opinion
expressed in yesterday's editorial re
garding the wearing of class hats. The
class hat in an emblem of class spirit,
and its presence promotes class senti
ment. A friendly rivalry among our
selves broadens the acquaintanceship of
the individual and produces a strong
college spirit, the importance of which
is obvious. 1 believe in a class hat and
also in a University hat. If I had my
way about it, every Stanfordite would
wear a cardinal mortar board, and the
color of the tassle would tell to what
class he belonged. F.
1 wish to take issue vvitli the opinion
expressed in yesterday's editorial re
garding the wearing of class hats. The
class hat in an emblem of class spirit,
and its presence promotes class senti
ment. A friendly rivalry among our
selves broadens the acquaintanceship of
the individual and produces a strong
college spirit, the importance of which
is obvious. 1 believe in a class hat and
also in a University hat. If I had my
way about it, every Stanfordite would
wear a cardinal mortar board, and the
color of the tassle would tell to what
class he belonged. F.
