# Prof, examines politics in Argentina
## 
### Alan Gutman Staff writer 
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
The election of the Peronist
party in Argentina last year can
be compared to the hypothetical
election of a reformed Ceaucescu
government in Romania, said an
Argentinian professor last night
on campus.
In a lecture sponsored by the

Center for Latin American Studies
and the Political Science Depart
ment, Sociology Prof. Torcuato di
Telia of Universidad de Buenos
Aires outlined the evolution
toward pluralism in Argentinian
politics.
Di Telia, who is currently at the
Center for Latin American Studies
at the University of Texas, ex
plained that Argentinian "right

wingers" feared that the new
Peronist government, led by
Carlos Menem, would be commu
nist, confiscatory and disrespect
ful of capitalist trade.
Di Telia said although the
Peronistas have been author
itarian in the past, their victory
represented a step forward for de
mocracy in Argentina, which has
suffered many coups.
