# Former Students.
## 
### 
— D'Arcy, '95, formerly Varsity
quarterback, has a liigli position
on the engineering corps of the
Southern Pacific
—R. H. Hull, '08, catcher for the
Varsity baseball team last spring,
who has a position with the engi
neering department of the Southern
Pacific, has heen promoted and will
not return to the University after
Christinas, as had heen expected.
—Miss Nellie Hrittan, formerly
a student at Stanford, a member of
'01 class, and Geo. 11. Woodruff,
who entered Stanford with'oo class,
were married last Saturday, Octo
ber 19th, at the home of the bride's
aunt in Log Angeles. They will ic
side at Whittier for the present*
where Woodruff is employed as
principal of the educational de
pai'lment at the Whittier State
School.
