# RULES COVERING RUSHING AT CORNELL BY COUNCIL
## 
### 
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
CORNELL —A report covering the
history of fraternity relations at Cor
nell for the past four years, with par
ticular emphasis on the question of
rushing, was presented at the meeting
of the Student Council last evening as
preparatory to the consideration of
rushing rules for next year. In the
absence of any fraternity rushing as
sociation, the council has decided to
take up the question, and has appoint
ed a committee for that purpose.
