# All Seniors Should Sign Class Scroll
## 
### 
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
All seniors are asked to sign the
class scroll which is in the ASSU
office. The scroll, which will be j
placed in the class vault in front of
Memorial Church, will include the i
names of all graduates. A history
of the class will also be put in the
vault.
'"We are anxious to have the sig
natures of all the seniors," said
Margy Powers, in charge of the
scroll. Anyone who is receiving his
diploma this June is considered a
member of the class of '48 and is
eligible to sign.
