# Poloists Beat Santa Cruz
## 
### 
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
Stanford's polo team pulled its
prize upset of the season Sunday
in downing at hard-riding Pogonip
outfit from Santa Cruz, 6 to 3.
It was a six-chukker affair that
saw the Pogonippers grab an early
lead only to lose it in the third
chukker through Bill Foster's win
ning goals.
Foster tied with the Club's seven
goal man, Clarence Stark, for top
scoring honors. Each scored three
tallies. Raol Grether, Card number
two man, hit for two with Lynn
Madlener marking the other score.
Stanford polo publicist Bob Law
son attributes his club's win to
"some improved passing plus cleve:
and steady hitting plus the advan
taged' playing on the home field
which was very rough."
