# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
Dink Templeton's 1938 track team
swamped all opposition in the Pa
cific Association cinder meet, lead
ing the nearest rival by 47 points.
