# Lagunita Court To Hold Election
## 
### 
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
Barbara Mackay. chairman of La
gunitn Court election board, an- j
nounced yesterday that the foliow
ing candidates have been nominated ;
for Court offices:
President, Marjo Lisa
Paint t, and Erna Radalj: irst vice
president. Jo Matter, Barbara
Moore. Helen Phillips. Barbara
Reid, Foofie Wilson, and Nancy
Williams: second vice - president,
Arleen Goldstone and Jo.'y John
son; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Joan Allen. Barbara Borth
wick. Margaret Deane, and Corky
Meserve.
The candidates wi 1 speak in the
Eucalypto and Magnolia social
rooms tonight at 10. Polls will be
open lor voting all day tomorrow,
and the final results will bo an
nounced at the election party t'
morrow night.
