# NEW NAMES ADDED TO TENNIS CLUB
## THREE MEMBERS TAKEN INTO ATHLETIC ORGANIZATION. Plans for Conducting Intercollegiate Contests Next Spring Discussed at Meeting. 
### 
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
Three new men were voted into the
Stanford Tennis Club at the last regu
lar meeting of that organization. The
new members are: A. Pierpont, '13,
J. B. Cox, '14, and L. J. Gamble, '14.
G. L. Shaul, '13, was elected to the
office of Vice-President to fill the vac
ancy caused by the absence of A. L.
Jacobi, '11,
The manner of holding the try-out
tournament for the. Varsity team was
also discussed and it was decided to
hold a tryout earlier in the semester,
in which men e.ngaged in other sports
could enter. Siijce the doubles tour
nament comes a week after the inter
collegiate track meet, it will be possi
ble for a man to compete in both, pro
vided he can defeat the fourth man on
the team. This was impossible last
year, as the men were prevented from
entering the try-outs on account of the
proximity to the meet. Definite plans
as to the method of conducting the
preliminary tournaments will be an
nounced in a short time. A committee
has also been appointed to improve the
Encina courts, which are in poor shape
at present.
