# SOPHOMORES WILL CHOOSE PLAY BEFORE WEEK'S END.
## 
### 
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
By the end of this week the Sopho
more Play Committee expects to have
chosen the play which will he given
by that class next semester. Only
three dramas remain from which a
choice is to be made and any one of
these would make an excellent pro
duction. The play will not be as
heavy as the one given hist year in
order that there shall be a complete
and finished production.
