# Med School inaugurates new program
## 
### BRUCE FRIEDLINE 
A $180,000 grant from the Henry J.
Kaiser Family Foundation of Palo Alto
will support a new program to train
Stanford Medical School faculty to
teach general internal medicine.
The two-year grant will be adminis
tered by Dr. Daniel Federman,
Bloomfield professor and chairman of
the department of medicine at Stan
ford.
Presently, medical students
specializing in internal medicine em
phasize treatment of one part of the
body whereas general internists deal
with non-surgical diseases throughout
the body.
"The emphasis on subspecialization
within the internal medicine specialty
has oriented a whole
generation . . . away from academic
careers ... in general medicine," said
Federman. There is "a severe shortage
of well-trained junior faculty to exem
plify and teach the role of
generalist."
While not changing the emphasis on
specialization in medical school, the
program "adds dimension to medical
students' education. The program will
provide some change in balance,"
Federman said.
The Kaiser grant-supported fellows
will be, "men and women who have
completed three years of internship
and residency in internal
medicine ... preparing them to func
tion as faculty," Federman said.
