# EDUCATION LECTURE
## 
### 
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
Professor Lucien Kinney of the
School of Education will present the
fourth of a series of education lec
tures tomorrow at 4 p.m. in Cubber-
Jey Auditorium.
