# Untitled Article
## 
### 

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto

RAFT AHOY!—Five small boys fish from a San Francisco pier as the 32-foot raft Lehi starts its
2,200-mile trip to Hawaii. The raft was towed outside the Golden Gate Friday and was last sight
ed about 35 miles southwest of Santa Cruz. Yesterday one crew member asked to be taken off
because of a bad cold. —NEA Telephoto
