# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
|| Cars —
I WASHED 1
| GREASED |
POLISHED «
IT'S GOING TO RAIN!
24-hour service on storage —
washing — polishing — greas
ing — oiling — gas — oils —
minor repairing — cars called
for and delivered.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR
PATRONAGE
MEDICO-DENTAL
GARAGE
Entrance back of Postoffice
Phone 2119
