# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 4 p.m.
