# AWS TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Tryouts for positions in Associ
ated Women Students will be held
today from 4 to 5:30 p.m. and to
morrow from 2 to 3:15 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse.
