# Untitled Article
## 
### 

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto

OVER THE TOP—lllinois fullback Kenneth Miller (33) plunges over the top of Stanford's line in
the second quarter of Saturday's game at Champaign only to fall six inches short of paydirt. In
dians about to pounce on Miller are end John Steinberg (12), and halfback Ernie Dorn (24). The
Cards hope to get back on the win trail against Oregon State this Saturday. —NEA Telephoto
