# VILLAGE TRYOUTS SLATED
## 
### 
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
Tryouts for athletic chairman and
social chairman of Stanford Village
will be held today and tomorrow
from 6:15 to 7 p.m. in the Village
Auditorium, Clint Wooster, Village
president, announced Sunday.
