# DAILY SPORTS SCRIBES
## 
### 
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
All Daily sports tryoutees will
meet at the Daily Shack at 4;05 for
a brief but important instruction
meeting. •
