# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
—L. Xicol, of Lafayette, Intl., died
yesterday from a kick in tlie stomach,
received in a football game Saturday.
