# New Stanford Calendar On Sale.
## 
### 
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
The Stanford calendar, compiled by
the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, will be on sale Monday, De
cember 3d, at the University Book
store, and at the book stores in Palo
Alto. The price of the calendar will
be sixty cents.
