# Books Added to Library.
## 
### 
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
During the past week the followinj
hooks have been added to the Univer
sity Library: Hoffding, Philosophy of
Religion; Farnell, Evolution of Re
ligion; Luhke, History of Art; Beelv.
The Bird, Its Form and Function:
Pearson, Life of John A. Andrew.
