# Quake Frightens Campus Residents.
## 
### 
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
A slight earthquake shock was felt
here at 12:35 this morning, frighten
ing the residents of the campus and
causing those who had not yet re
tired to rush into the streets. Ex
citement reigned in Encina and Roble
throughout the duration of the trem
or. No damage was caused by the
quake. ' <
