# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The appeal made at yesterday's
Assembly by Chaplain Gardner for
funds to complete the payment of
the Gerdes' mortgage, could not have
been made in a worthier cause. The
history of the tragic death of Otto
Gerdes in the earthquake of April
18, and of the attempts made by al
umni and faculty to aid his mother
who was thus deprived of her sole
means of support, need no repetition
here. It is sufficient to state that
over half the money necessary to
clear the mortgage on the Gerdes'
home has been raised, and that it is
for the balance that the present ap
peal is made to the men and women
of the student body. No direct so
licitation of funds by collectors will
be made. The response is to be vol
untary, and the members of the stu
dent body are asked to contribute
only as much as they feel they can
afford.
