# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Pop
penheimer, Patricia Eddy, and Dor
othy Viner.
