# Barbecue
## 
### 
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
"Due to circumstances beyond
our control the all-campus bar
becue scheduled for Friday has
been canceled," Marianna Olm
stead, ASSU social chairman, an
nounced yesterday.
