# Panel to Discuss 'Immediate Issues'
## 
### 
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
The problem of '"What Should
America Do About Immediate Is
sues?" will be the topic for a Hoo
ver Institute panel discussion to
morrow night at 7:30 in the Cub
berley Auditorium.
Sixth in a special discussion se
ries of the "Issues of One World."
the panel will be conducted by Dr.
Easton Rothwell, vice-chairman ot
the Hoover Institute and Library.
