# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
"MATH"
A straight line is the '
shortest distance, and the
quickest route.
Whether you come your
self (1 34 University Ave.)
or phone (5194) for our
free delivery service—you
find the proof.
©
The
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
is the most convenient for
"your" prescriptions and
drug supplies.
YYYYYYYYYYY
*25
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wc fail to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler
266 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Phone Palo Alto 6822
(frmcejijatcftabelli
PERFUME
AAAAAAAAAAA
