# Daily staff lunch
## 
### 
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
today at noon. Sandwiches will be
served and President Richard Lyman
will be on hand for discussion.
