# KNOW PLAYERS! THORNHILL ASKS
## 
### 
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's request
to make the student body better ac
quainted with the members of the
varsity grid squad takes form in the
special rally Tuesday afternoon on
the practice field when Thornhill
v/ill put his first two varsity strings
through a scrimmage before a regu
lar rooting section and band.
Scheduled for 4 o'clock, the rally
will be conducted by regular mem
bers of the Rally Committee both as
an informal student body - team
get-together and as a welcoming
home for the gridders after the
Washington game.
A regular rooting section will be
formed on the bleachers. The full
band will lend the regular game
appearance and atmosphere. Yell
Leadei's A1 Peache, Jim Triolo, and
Aylett Cotton will run the rooting
section through the paces of per
fecting the yeils and the singing of
University songs.
