# Pi Phi Girls to Model At Bridge Party Tonight
## 
### 
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
A style show and bridge party ar
lf.nged by the active and alumni
members of Pi Beta Phi have been
arranged for the .campus tonight at
the chapter house. Members of the
sorority will act as models at the
style show.
Palo Alto and peninsula alumni
have arranged for tables at the af
fair. Reservations may be made
through Mrs. Paul Manning at Palo
Alto 3471. Proceeds will go to the
house fund.
