# BYRD'S 'WINGS' ON ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION TRIP
## 
### 

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)

The plane in which Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd hopes to fly over the South pole for the second time is
shown moored to the "Jacob Ruppert," flagship of the expedition, at Newport News, Va., just before being
taken aboard and stowed away for the trip. (Associated Press Photo)
