# 'Purser' Hoover Embarks On Swordfish Hunt
## 
### 
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
Stanford's most distinguished
graduate has taken to new tricks.
Former President Hoover has a new
title now. He has shipped as as
sistant purser on a Marlin fishing
cruise headed for Lower California
waters. His smiling associates as
sured the gentlemen of the press,
present at ihe yacht departure, that
his duties would not be too heavy.
The title was merely to facilitate
clearance at such foreign ports as
they might enter. Hoover hoped to
have better luck on this voyage than
his venture when he came back
without a Marlin.
Washington University of • St..
Louise will choose its football
captain at the end of the season
from among nine single-gnme lead
i r.' named by Coach Chile Walsh.
