# Sophomore Cotillion.
## 
### 
The committee appointed by the
president of the Class of i)S on the
Sophomore Cotillion has decided to
hold the annual class affair on the
evening of Friday the6th of March.
The tickets will be on ssile by the
lirst of next week, and will cost in
the neighborhood of three dollars.
Engraved invitations will be issued,
for which si nominal price of fifteen
cents will be charged, sis was done
hist year. Sub-committees have
been appointed on music, printing,
and decorations, smd will be ex
pected to report on what work they
have accomplished, sit si meeting of
the whole committee held this after
noon.
The committee appointed by the
president of the Class of i)S on the
Sophomore Cotillion has decided to
hold the annual class affair on the
evening of Friday the6th of March.
The tickets will be on ssile by the
lirst of next week, and will cost in
the neighborhood of three dollars.
Engraved invitations will be issued,
for which si nominal price of fifteen
cents will be charged, sis was done
hist year. Sub-committees have
been appointed on music, printing,
and decorations, smd will be ex
pected to report on what work they
have accomplished, sit si meeting of
the whole committee held this after
noon.
The committee appointed by the
president of the Class of i)S on the
Sophomore Cotillion has decided to
hold the annual class affair on the
evening of Friday the6th of March.
The tickets will be on ssile by the
lirst of next week, and will cost in
the neighborhood of three dollars.
Engraved invitations will be issued,
for which si nominal price of fifteen
cents will be charged, sis was done
hist year. Sub-committees have
been appointed on music, printing,
and decorations, smd will be ex
pected to report on what work they
have accomplished, sit si meeting of
the whole committee held this after
noon.
The committee appointed by the
president of the Class of i)S on the
Sophomore Cotillion has decided to
hold the annual class affair on the
evening of Friday the6th of March.
The tickets will be on ssile by the
lirst of next week, and will cost in
the neighborhood of three dollars.
Engraved invitations will be issued,
for which si nominal price of fifteen
cents will be charged, sis was done
hist year. Sub-committees have
been appointed on music, printing,
and decorations, smd will be ex
pected to report on what work they
have accomplished, sit si meeting of
the whole committee held this after
noon.
The committee appointed by the
president of the Class of i)S on the
Sophomore Cotillion has decided to
hold the annual class affair on the
evening of Friday the6th of March.
The tickets will be on ssile by the
lirst of next week, and will cost in
the neighborhood of three dollars.
Engraved invitations will be issued,
for which si nominal price of fifteen
cents will be charged, sis was done
hist year. Sub-committees have
been appointed on music, printing,
and decorations, smd will be ex
pected to report on what work they
have accomplished, sit si meeting of
the whole committee held this after
noon.
