# Adv. 38 Page 11
## 
### 
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
All seniors planning to graduate at
the end of Summer Quarter should
apply for graduation with Alette
Hauswald in Room 142 of the Old
Union by Monday, August 2, 1982.
