# Adv. 45 Page 12
## 
### 
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROIEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College jewelers
For Over 35 Years
