# California Day at Idora.
## 
### 
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
The students of the University of
California will give an open clay at
Idora Park, Oakland, on Saturday,
November 3d. The entertainment is
under the auspices of the Prytanean
Society of the University, and the
proceeds are to be devoted to the new
college infirmary to be opened on
January Ist. A special feature of the
day will be the college booths of
Stanford, Harvard, California and
others, conducted by representatives
from the respective colleges. The
skating rink, races and a dance in the
evening will form part of the day's
entertainment. Ten cents admission
will be charged.
