# Names Posted for Women's Tennis.
## 
### 
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
Lists for entries in the Women's
scratch tennis tournament, to be held
November 3d, at 9:00 a. m., have been
posted in the Rest Room, Roble Hall
and Roble gymnasium. All women
desiring to enter this tournament
must sign up on or before November
2d.
