# Officials for Saturday's Game.
## 
### 
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
The officials for the intercolleg
iate Freshman game were finally
decided upon yesterday. Cadwal
lader and Olliver will act as um
pire and referee. The linesmen
will be "Billy" Harrelson and Ev
erett Brown. Dr. McGee will act as
time-keeper.
