# Berkeley Notes.
## 
### 
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
—Last night the Freshman foot
hall squad elected Taylor McLean
am captain. McLean has heen
playing at quarter-buck, and has
also been acting captain in the
recent games with the academic
schools.
