# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
5194
A COOD NUMBER TO
REMEMBER . . .
• For toiletries, drugs, and
health suddlics
• For prompt, professional
prescription compounding
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
*
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
1 34 University
(Opposite Wilson's)
