# Gallery To Exhibit Carmel Paintings
## 
### 
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
Oil paintings of 23 Carel artists,
chosen the best works of each, will
be on exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m.
daily. The paintings offer a kaleido
scope of California sea and land
scapes, and the techniques used
range from conservatism to free
techniques and modern composition.
Included in the group of Carmel
Art Association Artists are M. de-
Neale Morgan, Charlotte Morgan,
Maxine Albro, Marjorie Doolittle.
Babette Fichert, Mary C. D. Morri
son, Rama Stearns, Marjorie Pe
gram, John Cunningham, H. D. Hig
ley, William Hyde Irwin, William P.
Silva, Burton S. Bounday, William
Ritschel, N.A., Arthur Hill Gilbert,
N.A., Howard Smith. N.A., Lester
Boronda, M. Levick, John O'Shea,
Martin Baer. I. G. Warshawskv, Ar
min Hansen, N.A.. Thomas A. Mc-
Glynn.
Pedro deLemos is director of the
Stanford Art Gallery. There is no
admission charge.
