# Rev. Wilbur Will Preach at Chapel.
## 
### 
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
Reverend Karl Morse Wilbur, Presi
dent and Professor of Practical Theo
logy at the Pacific Unitarian School
in Berkeley, will preach at the Uni
versity Chapel 011 Sunday morning.
The service will be held at eleven
o'clock as usual. Special music has
been arranged.
