# PASSERSBY ENDANGERED BY MEN BATTING BALLS.
## Student Conference to Write to All Fraternities Asking Lax Methods be Changed. 
### 
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
Besides making the preliminary ar
rangements for the actual assumption
of control by the students, the Student
Conference last evening transacted a
number of other matters of business.
The Conference having received a
number of complaints regarding the
manner in which tickets were dis
tributed for the drawing for the "Girl
and the Voice" yesterday, the Book
store will be asked to remedy the
trouble at the next drawing. It is
alleged that those who were first to
draw did not have an opportunity to
pick from all, but from only a portion
of the numbers.
A letter is to be sent to the frater
nities asking that more care be taken
by men playing baseball on lawns, es
pecially while people are going by on
the sidewalks. It is claimed that men
batting were too lax in guarding
against <lih balls striking passersby.
