# No Varsity Track Meet Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
Mecause of the meet with Pomona
college next Tuesday afternoon, the
Cardinal track squad will be given a
rest tomorrow.
