# NEW YORK SHERIFF FLAYED FOR GRAFT BY SEABURY PROBE
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 7. I/Piâ€”Samuel
Seabury, chief counsel of the legis
lative committee investigating city
affairs, stated publicly at the com
mittee's hearing today that in his
opinion Sheriff Thomas M. Farley's
bank deposits of more than $360,000
in six years proved conclusively
that the sheriff v/as "grafting."
Seabury had been questioning
William T. Sterling, accountant for
the investigation, when Assembly
man Louis A. Cuvillier, Democratic
member of the committee, inter
rupted to ask Seabury whether he
would concede that the accounts of
Sheriff Farley made public yester
day were the sheriff's personal ac
counts.
"I will," shouted Seabury, '"I think
those accounts prove conclusively
that while in office. Sheriff Farley
was grafting and that is the reason
why I offered them to the com
mittee."
