# SARAZEN LEADS IN EASTERN TOURNEY
## 
### 
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
SALISBURY PLAINS. N.Y.. Oct. 7
l/P).—Gene Sarazen of Great Neck,
N.Y., today shot another sub-par
round in the J. J. Lannin Memorial
golf tournament to take a four
stroke lead over the cream of
America's professionals at the half
way mark of the 72-hole medal play
tournament, with a (>B-70 138.
