# ENGLISH WORKMEN ATTEMPT PASSIVE RESISTANCE POLICY
## 
### 
•
MANCHESTER, Eng., Oct. 7. UP)
—Repulsed while storming City Hall
today a mob of unemployed demon
strators adopted the "passive re
sistance" tactics of Mahatma Gand
hi's followers by sitting on their
haunches in the street and refusing
to budge.
After half an hour of rioting dur
ing which 14 persons Were injured
and several were arrested, order
was restored. Among the injured
were five policemen, one of whom
suffered a broken leg; a woman, and
eight demonstrators.
A riot started when police refused
the mob permission to enter City
Hall when council was in session.
The jobless, breaking through the
police cordon, swarmed toward the
building, throwing hammers, brick
bats, and stones at the bobbies.
Reinforced by mounted men, the
police guards di'cw their batons and
charged the screaming mob. In the
free-for-all light that followed it
was by no means certain the police
would have the better of it until
firemen were called to help them.
The firemen turned streams of water
on the crowd.
