# Red Cross Issues Plea for Drivers
## 
### 
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
The Red Cross yesterday issued a
plea for Stanford women to replace
vacationing regular drivers on vol
unteer assignments.
Girls interested in donating a few
free hours who have drivers' li
censes are asked to call DA 2-2143
to arrange for a brief test at the
chapter house and any further in
formation. Driving assignments will
inlcude transporting convalescent
children, taking naval personnel
families to Oak Knoll Hospital, and
taking Veterans Administration pa
tients on recreational drives.
