# Marais, Miranda Will Perform Here
## 
### 
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
Josef Marais and Miranda, singers
of folk songs, will appear at Stan
ford Friday evening, July 29, in a
concert sponsored by the Friends
of Music.
The husband-and-wife team, well
known to folk music lovers through
their Decca record albums and radio
appearances, also specialize in songs
of the African veldt.
They sing each of their sonqs first
in the native tongue and then in
English translation. Marais pro
vides accompaniment on his guitar.
The concert will begin at 8:15 p.m.
in Memorial Hall. Tickets at $1.20
each will go on sale Thursday at
the office of the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises, room 55, Temporary
Building B, or at the Memorial Hall
box office and at the Peninsula Box
Office in Palo Alto and San Mateo.
All seats will be at the single
price and there will be no reserved
seats.
