# Mendenhall Lectures.
## 
### 
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
W. C. Mendenhall delivered an
illustrated lecture in the chapel
last night on "The Colorado Desert
and the Salton Sea." After speak
ing on the general features and
history of the Colorado desert, he
discussed the origin and results of
the Salton Sea episode. The lec
ture whs given under the auspices
of the Geological Society.
