# The 						Faculty Entertainment.
## 
### 
The entertainment given by the
Faculty Dramatic Club was a suc
cess both from the standpoint of
the "bleachers" and the manage
ment. The musical part of the
program was greatly enjoyed l>y
those present. Mr. Ernest Lent's
solos on the violincello were a
pleasure not often given to a Uni
versity audience, but always to be
appreciated. The numbers of the
Symphony Club were well received,
as was also Mr. Olshausen's flute
solo.
The principal part of the pro
grain was T. J. Williams' farce,
"All in a Fog, or Who is Who?"
The farce is clever but it needed
the acting of Professor Hudson and
Mrs. Whittier to make it win favor
with the audience. The amusing
situations in the farce caused by
the confusion of the identities of
the members of the cast were
brought out in a telling manner.
Professor Hudson was perfectly at
ease in his part, and made a lilt
with the house. The rest, of the
cast, Professors Allardice and Mur
phy and Miss McLean-, carried
their pa rts very consistently. Pro
fessor Murphy's conception of his
part as a model English man-ser
vant was novel but well sustained.
The entertainment given by the
Faculty Dramatic Club was a suc
cess both from the standpoint of
the "bleachers" and the manage
ment. The musical part of the
program was greatly enjoyed l>y
those present. Mr. Ernest Lent's
solos on the violincello were a
pleasure not often given to a Uni
versity audience, but always to be
appreciated. The numbers of the
Symphony Club were well received,
as was also Mr. Olshausen's flute
solo.
The principal part of the pro
grain was T. J. Williams' farce,
"All in a Fog, or Who is Who?"
The farce is clever but it needed
the acting of Professor Hudson and
Mrs. Whittier to make it win favor
with the audience. The amusing
situations in the farce caused by
the confusion of the identities of
the members of the cast were
brought out in a telling manner.
Professor Hudson was perfectly at
ease in his part, and made a lilt
with the house. The rest, of the
cast, Professors Allardice and Mur
phy and Miss McLean-, carried
their pa rts very consistently. Pro
fessor Murphy's conception of his
part as a model English man-ser
vant was novel but well sustained.
The entertainment given by the
Faculty Dramatic Club was a suc
cess both from the standpoint of
the "bleachers" and the manage
ment. The musical part of the
program was greatly enjoyed l>y
those present. Mr. Ernest Lent's
solos on the violincello were a
pleasure not often given to a Uni
versity audience, but always to be
appreciated. The numbers of the
Symphony Club were well received,
as was also Mr. Olshausen's flute
solo.
The principal part of the pro
grain was T. J. Williams' farce,
"All in a Fog, or Who is Who?"
The farce is clever but it needed
the acting of Professor Hudson and
Mrs. Whittier to make it win favor
with the audience. The amusing
situations in the farce caused by
the confusion of the identities of
the members of the cast were
brought out in a telling manner.
Professor Hudson was perfectly at
ease in his part, and made a lilt
with the house. The rest, of the
cast, Professors Allardice and Mur
phy and Miss McLean-, carried
their pa rts very consistently. Pro
fessor Murphy's conception of his
part as a model English man-ser
vant was novel but well sustained.
The entertainment given by the
Faculty Dramatic Club was a suc
cess both from the standpoint of
the "bleachers" and the manage
ment. The musical part of the
program was greatly enjoyed l>y
those present. Mr. Ernest Lent's
solos on the violincello were a
pleasure not often given to a Uni
versity audience, but always to be
appreciated. The numbers of the
Symphony Club were well received,
as was also Mr. Olshausen's flute
solo.
The principal part of the pro
grain was T. J. Williams' farce,
"All in a Fog, or Who is Who?"
The farce is clever but it needed
the acting of Professor Hudson and
Mrs. Whittier to make it win favor
with the audience. The amusing
situations in the farce caused by
the confusion of the identities of
the members of the cast were
brought out in a telling manner.
Professor Hudson was perfectly at
ease in his part, and made a lilt
with the house. The rest, of the
cast, Professors Allardice and Mur
phy and Miss McLean-, carried
their pa rts very consistently. Pro
fessor Murphy's conception of his
part as a model English man-ser
vant was novel but well sustained.
The entertainment given by the
Faculty Dramatic Club was a suc
cess both from the standpoint of
the "bleachers" and the manage
ment. The musical part of the
program was greatly enjoyed l>y
those present. Mr. Ernest Lent's
solos on the violincello were a
pleasure not often given to a Uni
versity audience, but always to be
appreciated. The numbers of the
Symphony Club were well received,
as was also Mr. Olshausen's flute
solo.
The principal part of the pro
grain was T. J. Williams' farce,
"All in a Fog, or Who is Who?"
The farce is clever but it needed
the acting of Professor Hudson and
Mrs. Whittier to make it win favor
with the audience. The amusing
situations in the farce caused by
the confusion of the identities of
the members of the cast were
brought out in a telling manner.
Professor Hudson was perfectly at
ease in his part, and made a lilt
with the house. The rest, of the
cast, Professors Allardice and Mur
phy and Miss McLean-, carried
their pa rts very consistently. Pro
fessor Murphy's conception of his
part as a model English man-ser
vant was novel but well sustained.
