# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Class of '99 has won a repu
tation as a Junior Class that has
rarelv ever been excelled in the
history of University classes. It
has issueii a creditable Junior An
nual that has not left a debt of
several hundred dollars ; it has
given a successful Junior l'rom.
and a Junior Farce, both of which
have resulted in financial gain to
the class. The class and the Quad.
managements deserve the greatest
credit fortheir businesslike admin
istration. The '99 Class will prob
ably enter the senior year with a
small balance in its treasury. A
plan has been suggested by several
'99 men that a committee be ap
pointed to devise means whereby
'99 can devote its energies toward
leaving to the University some per
manent memorial of its presence.
Unburdened by debt, there is no
reason why the Class of '99 should
not take some such action, which
would greatly redound to its credit.
