# Senator Joe's Mighty Record
## 
### 
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
To the Fx!itor:
The- most serious threat yet encountered to Senator
Joseph McCarthy's magnificent record of no subver
sives uncovered in five years of searching is before
us in tiie Fort Monmouth afTair. I hope we will all

remember that the Senator wag on a well-earned
honeymoon, while his committee, behind his back,
delved into the matter. I should not want the Sena
tor's spotless record to he spoiled on a technicality.
MICHAEL HUDSON. '53
