# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress

THE BIG RED ROLLS—Stanford halfback Ron Cook, recipient of one of Bob Garrett's three touch
down passes, cracks over his own right tackle for a three-yard gain to midfield Saturday in
the first quarter of the Indians' startling 21-20 upset of highly-touted UCLA. Card guard Phil
Wilson (66) shoulders Bruin Co-Captain Chuck Doud (76) out of the way as Uclans Hardiman
Cureton, the game's top lineman, crashes harmlessly into the backfield and end Rommie Loudd
(82) closes in on Cook. —Daily photo by Frank Huntress
