# Faculty Backs UC Senate
## 
### 
Stanford faculty mem
bers voted Friday to sup
port the resolutions adopt
ed by the Berkeley Aca
demic Senate. This Indi
cates their approval of
Berkeley's decision to pro
ceed with plans for their
course in "Social Analysis"
which will sponsor Eld
ridge Cleaver as lecturer.
The decision of the Stan
ford Academic Council
produced only minor dis
sent from the 150 mem
bers who attended the reg
ular quarterly meeting.
Approximately 780 of the
Academic Council were not
present.
The Council also heard a
summary of Academic
Senate actions from Prof.
Leonard SchifT, Senate
chairman.
