# Grad Association To Be Revised
## 
### BARBARA HYLAND 
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
The present Graduate Student
Association (GSA) does not sat
isfy the social or intellectual
needs of the graduate students,
nor does it effectively negotiate
with the administration.
Realising the necessity for a
revised Graduate Student Asso
ciation, several graduate stu
dents last quarter successfully
appealed for funds from LASSU.
Within this year's $7,0000 budg
et, they hope to plan programs
which will bring graduate stu
dents from all departments to
gether.
Tonight at 7:30 there will be
an organizational meeting in
Tresidder, Room 267-8. Repre
sentatives from all graduate de
partments and profession al
schools are urged to come.
Barry Askinas, a graduate
student in sociology and one of
the organizers of the new GSA,
considers graduate students an
"underprivileged majority" at
Stanford. They are "isolated res
identially and academically."
"Basically I see the role of
the Graduate Student Associa
tion as a lobby with the adminis
tration in the interest of gradu
ate students to break down
(th?ir) isolation," Askinas said.
The primary objectives of the
GSA are to improve services for
graduate students; to increase
intellectual and social contact be

tween members of different de
partments; to communicate with
the administration; and to pub
lish a newsletter reporting on
events of all the graduate
schools.
One service for graduate stu
dents which is being planned is
an orientation program for new
students. A series of seminars
and conferences will help pro
vide increased intellectual con
tact. Askinas explained that the
seminars' purpose is "to exam
ine graduate education and the
problems of graduate student
life."
By more imaginative Happy
Hours, lunchtime discussions,
and co-ordinated programs to
help in East Palo Alto, the GSA
will also try to improve social
life.
Askinas stressed that lobby
ing with the administration was
one of the most important objec
tives. Graduate students have
special and pressing problems
which must be resolved. Hous
ing is "an example of how the
University has abdicated its
proper responsibility and con
cern for the well-being of its
graduate students," Askinas
said.
The old Graduate Student As
sociation "was practically non
existent." Hopefully the new
GSA will be more successful in
improving graduate student life.
