# Effects of Gulf war felt in the classroom
## 
### Susan Jackson 
English Prof. Regenia Gagnier was
scheduled to teach courses on Victo
rian political economy and 19th cen
tury fiction this spring. Then came the
war.
"Suddenly Victorian political econ
omy didn't seem as relevant," she says.
So instead she developed an under
graduate course and a graduate collo
quium on the Literature of War.
At the beginning of last quarter,

many students wondered, "Will a war
begin?" Now many of them are asking,
"Is it over?"
These concerns have affected the
content of several Stanford current
courses and have inspired new ones,
including Gagnier's.
One particularly affected class is
Peace Studies, an interdisciplinary
course that has been taught by a group
of professors for the past decade.
"The value of our class is its inter
disciplinary nature," course coordina

tor Byron Bland said. "At its worst it
can be what a historian or a politician
or a sociologist thinks about peace."
At best, the course is more than just
international relations, national secu
rity theory, negotiation technique or
political science. "It's all of those, but
with a normative direction," Bland
says. "How do you create and maintain
peace?"
This year, enrollment rose from an
average of 100 to about 140, Bland
said.

Last week, History Prof. Barton
Bernstein gave an introductory lecture
on the lessons of the Persian Gulf war.
"We used to start with the atomic
bomb," Bernstein said. "Topics that
used to seem relevant have become
marginalized."
While the Gulf war will not be the
subject of any more lectures in the
class, "it will be lurking in every lec
ture. That is a given," Bland said.
