# Faculty Men Prove Royal Hosts.
## 
### 
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
The reception tendered by the Fac
ulty yesterday evening to Encina Club
proved even a greater success than the
one held last year. The affair was
given out of doors on the grounds of
the faculty clubhouse and was at
tended by a large crowd. The enter
tainment consisted of a baseball game
between the professors and the stu
dents and a short vaudeville program.
The Faculty won the baseball game,
score 8 to 6.
