# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In suspending from college Mr. H.
L. Horton and Mr. D. P. Crawford the
Committee on Student Affairs will only
be using the usual method of enforc
ing certain well-established rules.
But however wilfully and knowingly
the two gentlemen broke the regula
tions, we can in 110 degree excuse any
one so comtemptible as to "squeal"
upon a fellow student. After a care
ful inquiry into the matter, we are
convinced that had it not been for the
articles of the "Sequoia," the Com
mittee on Student Affairs would never
have inaugurated an investigation.
This being so, the writer of the arti
cles and the editor of the magazine are
clearly responsible for the suspension
of two of the finest men who ever
registered at Stanford. We hope that
Mr. R. Justin Miller and Mr. E. M.
Leaf will speedily receive the treat
ment which they so richly deserve.
