# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
A loyal alumnus of Michigan has
offered a prize of $100 for the "most
effective method of arousing enthus
iasm at the big games," preferably a
new cheering song.
