# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
Women's Rest Home — Marilyn
Marshek.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per. Michael James, Frank Tread
way, Jerold Haserot, Jack Lohrey.
Palo Alto Hospital—Don Manou
kian, William Duke, Judith Dear
ing.
Isolation Ilopila! Michael Mal
colm, Su. an Wri.-cl, Sandra Leon
ard.
