# Sunday Flicks
## 
### 
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
"I Confess," starring Montgomery
Clift and Anne Baxter, will be the
wide screen presentation at the Sun
day evening Hicks in Memorial Au
ditorium.
