# Adv. 15 Page 8
## 
### 
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
d mayfield
j ■ Ph. 6777
TCNITE & FRIDAY
HENRY FONDA
! and
LYNN BAR I
with
DON AMECHE
Are just beginning to
wonder which is
THE
MAGNIFICENT
DOPE"
Here's your BERLE friend
MILTON . . .
—Listening to —
•WHISPERING
| GHOSTS!"
