# Excom Sets Date For Big Elections
## 
### 
Excom, in a late meeting last
night, decided to hold the freshman
class elections next Wednesday, Jan.
20, along with the referendum on
changing, for the duration, Stan
ford's constitutional setup concern
ing elections.
In almost the same breath. Stan
ford's student representatives then
decided to hold the regular Winter
Quarter election on Feb. 10. This
election will be combined with what
is now the Spring Quarter elections
if the amendment proposed by Bob
Hammett's committee passes next
Wednesday.
Excom. in addition, approved
Chico Barnum's report from the
Drives Committee. The annual
Stanford Red Cross drive will be
held between Feb. 2 and 27, while
the World Student Service Fund
will be held sometime in the first
week of February. Lucian Rice was
appointed chairman of the Student
Service Fund drive.
