# ALMACK WILL SPEAK TO EDUCATION CLUB IN UNION THIS NOON
## 
### 
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
Dr. J. C. Almack, professor in the
School of Education, will address the
Education Club luncheon this noon on
the subject of suggested and possible
changes in university study. The meet
ing will be held in the main dining
room of the Union.

This will be the final meeting of tht
summer quarter or the Education Club
A musical program has been arranged
