# MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
## 
### 
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication of all news
dispatches credited to it in this paper and also to all local news published herein.
Entered as second-class matter at the post office in Palo Alto, California, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
