# corrections
## 
### 
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
An article in last Wednesday's
Daily, "ASSU senators endorse af
firmative action policy," suggests
that one student, Joe Fairbanks,
was solely responsible for compro
mising the student poll about af
firmative action. Fairbanks was
one of many students to advertise
the poll to non-Stanford respon
dents.
