# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
+/N0 CREDIT
GRADING POLICY IN
UNDERGRADUATE
MATHEMATICS COURSES
In those undergraduate Mathematics
courses where +/NC grading is offered,
the deadline is before the end of the
third week of the quarter — specifi
cally, no later than 4 p.m., Friday,
January 22, 1982. And the request for
+/NC grading must be made formally, in
writing, on a petition form provided by
the instructor.
For more detailed information, consult
with your Mathematics instructor and
read the memorandum on +/NC grading
that is posted on bulletin boards in the
Department of Mathematics (Building
380).
