# Signor De Grassi To Appear.
## 
### 
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
Signor De Grassi will be heard by
the Fortnightly Music Club at its
next open meeting which will be held
at the Play-house in Palo Alto next
Tuesday evening.
