# NEW WOMEN'S COURSES LISTED FOR SUMMER
## 
### 
The Stanford department of physical
education for women will offer a series !
of courses during the summer. In j
struction begins on June 26 and ends;
on August 1.
Theoretical courses will be given in,
anatomy, physiology, kinesiology,
health supervision in schools, growth
and development of tho child, organi
zation and adaptation of activities in
elementary schools principles of
physical education, history of physical
education, playground administration,
child pathology, physical inspection,
and hygiene teaching.
Methods and practice courses are
offered in playground activities,
aesthetic dancing, folk dancing, ath
letics, swimming, formal hc tivities. j
apparatus gymnasium.
For those interested a special bulle
tin has been prepared which can bo
obtained at the Roble Gymnasium.
