# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
Miller is a transfer from the Univer
sity of Texas and of Arizona, and lie
lias done considerable debating at both
places. He was a member of the Stan
ford debating team that met California
last fall.
Comparet, besides having done coiii
siderable debating with Nestoria So
ciety teams, met Washington in the Tri-
State contest last month. He was alter
nate in the last California-Stanford de
bate.
Landels, who is alternate, was winner
in the public-speaking contest held on
the campus last Wednesday. Besides
debating for Euphronia, he was a mem
ber of the Stanford Tri-State team that
met Oregon last month.
Three of the four men who make up
California's squad have debated against
Stanford before. The U. C. team is
composed of Sam Gardner, '23; Howard
Bohnet, '22; G. G. Caldwell. '24; and
Arthur Murphy, '22, alternate.
Two judges for tonight's debate are
definitely known. They are: Frank
Cornish, San Francisco attorney, and
the Rev. C. W. Dutton of San Francisco.
The third judge had not yet been de
cided upon by this morning. Mayor
Bartlett of Berkeley will preside.
