# JOFFRE TEAM MEETS CALIFORNIA TONIGHT
## 
### 
Stanford's forensic squad will meet
California tonight in the annual Joffre
Debate at the University of California,
in Wheeler Hall, at 8 o'clock. The gen
eral subject is, "France at the Wash
ington Conference." Some specific
phase of this general subject will be
announced to the members of the two
teams two hours before the debate takes
place. Professor James Wynans of
Dartmouth College will select the sub
ject.
This debate is in the nature of an in
dividual contest, the Joffre Medal going
to the one speaker who delivers the best
all-around speech, in the opinion of the
judges. Each of the six speakers will
receive an autographed briar pipe from
Marshal Joffre, after whom the debate
was named.
Stanford will be represented tonight
by R. C. Binkley, '22; Knox Miller, '23;
Bertram! Comparet, '24; and Edward
Landels, '22, alternate. All of these
men have had previous forensic experi
ence.
Binkley was on last year's Tri-State
team that defeated the University of
Washington, and was also on the Eu
phronia Debating Society's team that
defeated St. Mary's last month.
