# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
Lieutenant C.O. Thompson, who re
ceived his reserve commission here,
was detailed with the Citizens' Mili
tary Training Camp at Monterey. He
says that he intends to enter the ser
vice as a lieutenant as soon as he is
graduated.
