# Stanford Man to Teach At Chicago Law School
## 
### 
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
Professor Arthur H. Kent, J.D., Stan
ford '25, lias received an appointment
as associate professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School. He
will assume his new position next
autumn.
Until the end of the spring term,
Professor Kent was a member of the
faculty at the College of Law at the
University of Cincinnati. He will teach
at Columbia University during the
summer before coming to Chicago.
