# PATTERSON-DAVID WEDDING
## 
### 
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
The marriage of Robert Darl Pat
terson, Stanford '25, to Miss Helen
David of San Jose, took place Wednes
day at San Jose. The Rev. Channing
Richardson of the First Methodist
Church of San Jose performed the
ceremony. Patterson is a geologist.
