# DEBATE TO BE HELD ABOUT ELIMINATION OF LOWER DIVISION
## 
### 
"Elimination of the lower division"
will be debated before the public in
the Little Theatre Monday evening,
August 22, by a group of people from
Professor James G. Emerson's class
in argumentation and debating.
It is the plan of this class to give
each member a chance to appear in
public debate. The twelve members in
the class will make up two teams and
each team will debate a topic that is
of interest to the students and public.
Of the suggested topics, the Lower
Division elimination is the most fa
fored. The second topic has not yet
been definitely selected, but the ques
tion of War Guilt, and the question of
Intervention in Nicaragua seem to be
the two from which the final subject
for debate will be taken.
