# Women Form Dramatic Plans For Next Year
## 
### 
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
Yesterday afternoon the Women's
Dramatic Society met at the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
their production which will be pro
duced the enrly part of next quarter.
They have tentively decided on a
period play which would require a
great deal of dramatic work, elaborate
stageing and costuming, but it is
hoped that the results would ho well
worth the effort.
