# Lagunita Plans Winter Formal
## 
### 
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
Ruth Dimick, chairman of the
Lagunita winter formal committee,
has announced the names of com
mittee members for the dance # to
be held Feb. 12.
They are: decorations, Mardi Bc
mis and Sally Arnn; patons and pa
tronesses, Sally Woodard; arrange
ments, Lois Condee; bids and tick
ets, Ginny Hemphill; food. Betty
Kahn; hostesses, Carol Hackenberg,
Marjorie Miller; entertainment, Ma
rilyn McAdams; publicity, Barbara
Bjornstrom, Sidney Morgan; clean
up. Corky Meserve.
Music will be furnished by Lee
Scott, who plays regularly at the
Treasure Island Officers' Club.
