# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
When Senator Stanford first pur
chased these some 7,000 acres in the
fertile Santa Clara Valley, it was
then known as the ' Palo Alto Dairy
Farm."
