# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
Jim Pollard was the Farm's last
Ail-American basketball player. He
was chosen in 1942.
