# Ruggers Drill
## 
### 
Meeting the strong Olympic and
University Club squads here this
Saturday, Coach Willard Classen's
Card ruggers continue hard at work
on fundamentals with daily scrim
mages the rule.
"We have some fine players,"
states Mentor Classen, "but the team
as a whole still has a long way to
go in mastering some of the finer
points of the game. The fact that
veterans A 1 Morris and Bob Lindsay
are both sidelined with injuries has
done nothing to help our chances,
either," he adds.
Future games for the Farm rug
gers include tussles with Cal, pos
sibly UCLA, and a final game with
what is perhaps the greatest rugby
team in the world, the famed Aus
tralian Wallabies. The Wallabies,
now touring Europe, will play three
games in California during their
stay in the United States, and their
appearance here will climax the sea
son for the local enthusiasts.
