# RUGBY MEN REPORT
## 
### 
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
All rugby men who plan to
(urn out for membership in the
Stanford Rugby Club and a
chance at the Canadian trip
must report at 4 o'clock this
afternoon to Harry Maloney in
the equipment room. The first
practice of the season will be
gin as soon as the necessary
pads, shoes, pants, etc., have
been issued.
