# Nazi "Reformation"
## 
### 
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
Shades of what may be world's
biggest religious struggle loomed
yesterday. Having Hitlerized, de-
Je'wified, Aryanized German people,
Nazis now want to do same for all
religion. Goal is one united Ger
man church, neither Protestant nor
Catholic, but somewhere in be
tween.
Terming such a church heretic,
(Continued on page four)
