# STANFORD WATER POLOISTS BATTLE STRONG U.C. TEAM
## 
### Gray Creveling 
Stanford's mighty water polo ex
ponents travel up to Berkeley to
morrow afternoon to meet the best j
squad that has ever represented
California.
One of the greatest teams in the
country, the Cards face a Bear team
that has been defeated only onceâ€”
Friday night by Ihe Olympic Club
team, 1.1-3, augmented by Ted Wi
get, former Stanford great.
Although the Indians beat the i
clubmen 11-5 two weeks ago, the)
comparative Stanford and California
scores against the Olympians mean
little because the great Wiget did
not play for the Winged O's when
Stanford met them.
The Golden Bears have the finest |
i' team in their history. Coach Ai
Dowden makes no secret of the fact
i that he is out to win California's
first water polo victory over Stan
ford in 20 years of competition.
