# Adv. 37 Page 13
## 
### 
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
'Great Service &
Low Rates'
For real value on Auto
Insurance, call me:
CHRIS RODEN
CLU, CPCU
M B.A, Stanford
443 Waverley St.
Downtown Palo Alto
321-8711
iGood Student Discount
Available
I STATE FARM MUTUAL
Mtuiomotxic Insurance Company
Heme Otl*c«
Btoomtngion Illinois
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
