# Card opens at Maryland
## 
### Sarah Carrel 
The women's basketball team knew they
would have to travel to meet their opponent
in the first round of the NCAA playoffs, but
they had no idea the traveling would be as far
as the East Coast to meet the University of
Maryland. The tipoff of this contest will be
this Sunday at 3 p.m. EST in the pavilion of
College Park, Md.
Maryland is ranked No. 8 nationally, and
is the winner of the Atlantic Coast Con
ference. The ACC includes such pow
erhouses as Clemson and the University of
Virginia. Maryland had a 9-1 conference rec
ord and won the end of the year tournament
held in its conference. Maryland finished its
regular season with a 22-6 overall record./
The choice of Maryland as a first round op
ponent came as a surprise to most people in
volved with Cardinal women's basketball. It
was expected that Stanford would play some
one in its own Western Region. Yet NCAA of
ficials apparently felt that Stanford and Mary
land were closelv matched in ability. Any

team winning its league gains an automatic
berth in the 32-team playoffs. Both Maryland
and Stanford top their NCAA leagues. The
Cardinal is ranked between 24th and 28th na
tionally, with a 9-3 conference record and
19-7 overall.
Maryland hasa youngand talented starting
line-up. Sophomore Marsha Richardson, a 5-
foot-8-inch guard, was chosen as the MVP of
the Atlantic Coast Conference. The other
guard, junior Debbie Lytle, averaged 11.6
points per game. At center is Belinda
Pearman, a 6-1 sophomore who averaged 9.7
points per game. The forwards are led by 6-1
Jasmina Perazik, who is from Yugoslavia. With
14.8 PPG, Perazik is one of the league's lead
ing scorers. Forward Myra Waters, the first
five's only senior, is the team's leading re
bounder.
Coach Dotty McCrea's team will fly to the
East Coast on Friday and wii! probably return
on Monday. "We're just going back there to
play and win," McCrea said.
