# Tennis Champion.
## 
### 
The final round in the singles of
the Tennis Tournament, which has
been in progress on Encina courts
for some time, was played on Sat
urday morning. The contest was
between Kaetzel, '96, and Arnold,
'95, the former winning by a, score
of 7-o, 6-3, 6-1. Quite a number
of spectators were on hand to wit
ness the plav and they remained
until the contest was concluded.
Many of the games were close and
exciting, although Kaetzel clearly
had the better of the play, winning
by his superior skill and careful
ness. He played almost entirely a
back-line game, and seemed able to
place his strokes.
In many respects the contest was
disappointing, being marked by few
brilliant plays or strong rallies.
The result makes Kaetzel I'niver
sitv champion for this semester, un
less Picher, '98, or Freeman, '99,
last year's champions, choose to
dispute his title to ihe claim.
Of the doubles but one contest
remains to be played, that in the
semi-linals, which will come off to
morrow. The winner of this match
will play Arnold and Kaetzel for
the University championship.
