# Quads.
## 
### 
The class in General Sociology
under Prof. Ross has been assigned
a paper, due next Tuesday, on the
forces tending to build up a strong
individuality and preventing the
display of mob-mind.
The ladies of the University who
are interested in furnishing the
room near the Co-op. for their ac
commodation met at noon today to
discuss ways and means of main
taining it. They decided to solicit
subscriptions of twenty-live cents a
month from thirty young ladies,
which would be sufficient to defray
the monthly expenses. The com
mittee appointed for this purpose
consists of Mrs. Wight, Miss Avery
of May field, Miss Walters of San
.Jose, and Miss Dorsey of San Fran
cisco. Contributions of furniture
will be received by the committee.
The room is donated free of rent
for the rest/of the semester.
