# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The attention of those who in
tend to enter the preliminaries for
the Carnot Debate is called to the
fact that a complete bibliography
available in preparing for the sub
ject has been made and posted in
places convenient for its use. The
debaters can now begin work di
gesting their material and becom
ing thoroughly acquainted with the
subject of debate. The sooner they
begin, the more likelihood of suc
cess.
The attention of those who in
tend to enter the preliminaries for
the Carnot Debate is called to the
fact that a complete bibliography
available in preparing for the sub
ject has been made and posted in
places convenient for its use. The
debaters can now begin work di
gesting their material and becom
ing thoroughly acquainted with the
subject of debate. The sooner they
begin, the more likelihood of suc
cess.
The attention of those who in
tend to enter the preliminaries for
the Carnot Debate is called to the
fact that a complete bibliography
available in preparing for the sub
ject has been made and posted in
places convenient for its use. The
debaters can now begin work di
gesting their material and becom
ing thoroughly acquainted with the
subject of debate. The sooner they
begin, the more likelihood of suc
cess.
The attention of those who in
tend to enter the preliminaries for
the Carnot Debate is called to the
fact that a complete bibliography
available in preparing for the sub
ject has been made and posted in
places convenient for its use. The
debaters can now begin work di
gesting their material and becom
ing thoroughly acquainted with the
subject of debate. The sooner they
begin, the more likelihood of suc
cess.
The attention of those who in
tend to enter the preliminaries for
the Carnot Debate is called to the
fact that a complete bibliography
available in preparing for the sub
ject has been made and posted in
places convenient for its use. The
debaters can now begin work di
gesting their material and becom
ing thoroughly acquainted with the
subject of debate. The sooner they
begin, the more likelihood of suc
cess.
