# THREATENED CANCELLATION
## 
### 
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
The first two rounds of intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
table tennis, along with the pre
viously scheduled volleyball con
tests, must be completed or com
petition will be discontinued, El
wyn Bugge, director of intramural
activities, announced yesterday.
