# FURIOUS WINDS WHIP ISLANDS
## 
### 

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto

TYPHOON STRIKES PHILIPPINES —This nearly demolished building in the village of Legaspi
shows dramatically the fierce driving force of a typhoon which crashed through the central
Philippine Islands leaving 1,000 persons dead last week. —NEA Telephoto
