# Senior Dues Should Be Paid
## 
### 
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
Senior assessments are due, and
should be paid within the next week,
states Class Treasurer F. W. Kiser.
The amount of this year's assessment
is $1.50. which is less than that of
former years, ft is desired to have
the money in at once so the Senior
Week Finance committee will be able
to estimate the available funds for
expenditures.
