# U.C. Tennis Match Set For March 14
## Final Matches to Be Played Off on Morning of Annual Track Meet 
### 
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia will meet in the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament on Fri
day afternoon, April 14, and on Satur
day morning, April 15, on the Encina
eourts, according to the arrange
ments made yesterday by Graduate
Manager Behrens. This latter is the
day of the annual track meet and sec
ond baseball game between the two
rival universities.
On Friday afternoon one doubles
and one single match will be played,
while the remaining doubles match
and two singles matches will take
place on Saturday morning. Tennis
Captain J. S. Hutchinson, '16, an
nounces that the varsity tennis squad
from which the final team to meet
California will be chosen, will be
composed of the following: H. L.
Hahn, Mfi, V. L. Sheldon, *16, H. V.
Johns, '18. A. Rarber, MS, C. Wolford,
"IS. and .T. S. Hutchinson. '1">. Al
though ineligible against California,
there are two freshmen on the varsity
squad. They are f}. Clover, '19, and
K. Hawks, 'Ift.
