# STUDENT COUNCIL SAYS CAMPUS TUBBING MISDEMEANOR
## ROSS CASE BRINGS DECISION Four Sophomores Involved to Receive Reprimand From Council 
### 
That tubbing for discipline and tub
bing for hazing fails under the same
category and therefore will be dealt
with as a misdemeanor in the future,
is the decision of the Student Coun
cil, as the result of investigation
brought about by the case of L). M.
Ross, '19, who wished to have certain
sophomores brought before Palo Alto
courts for administering the aquatic
reprimand.
However, the Council decided to end
the present case of Ross by repri
manding the four sophomores who had
most immediate responsibility for the
tubbing of Ross. The Council .also
suggested that another means of en
forcing discipline be found both in
fraternities and clubs.
The stand of the Council on the
tubbing question is clearly given in a
statement sent to President Wilbur,
with whom the members conferred
regarding the case of Ross. This
statement and one from President
Wilbur is published in this issue Of
The Daily Palo Alto, giving the is
sues involved, and expressing the pol
icies that will be enforced in the fu
ture.
Following is the statement of Stu
dent Adviser Otis H. Castle, made with
the sanction of President C. M. Miller
and other members of the conference:
The Council examined a large num
ber of witnesses to the tubbing, as
well as many others who were able to
throw light on the procedure of the
evening. Its findings of fact follow:
On the evening in question the mem
bers of Encina Club believed that it
had become necessary to punish cer
tain freshmen for breaches of the in
ternal regulations of the club, which
regulations they considered the fresh
men to have accepted by voluntarily
