# Dolls Given To Museum
## 
### 
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
The Stanford Museum has
received a $,")(), 1)00 anonymous
gift of more than ."iOO Jap
anese "Festive Day" dolls,
dating from the 17th to the
2oth century.
A selection of these dolls,
augmented In another collec
tion belonging to Mr. and
Mrs. Henry John Brunnier of
San Francisco, will be exhibi
ted at the museum starting
Satu r d a y and running
through May 7.
The showing has been ar
ranged by the Committee for
Art at Stanford. A series of
special events in connection
with ihe exhibit will include
a children's art show and
party, sketching sessions, a
Bonsai exhibition and flower
arrangement displavs.
