# Sequoia Plans Poetry Reading
## 
### 
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
Gary Dickson, editor of Sequoia,
compared Iho poetry reading
schedule for tonight at 7:30 in
Physics Lecture Hall to similar
prog ra m s in San Francisco.
Members of the English Depart
ment will participate in the read
ings. Dr. Wesley Trimpi, who
teaches both freshman English
and poetry courses, and has pub
lished several books of poetry, is
moderator.
Helen Pinkerton (Mrs. Trimpi)
will be one of the participants.
Joining Mrs. Trimpi in the read
ings are poets Scott Momaday
and Francis Kike. Both men are
also freshman English instruc
tors, and Momaday published in
the fall Sequoia.
In addition to the poetry, Ken
Keesev, a graduate in English,
will read several chapters from
his new novel about a schizo
phrenic Indian.
Admission is 50 cents, 1o bene
fit Sequoia.
