# Pete Seeger To Entertain
## 
### 
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
The sounds of a full-throated
Midwestern voice and a banjo
will fill Memorial Auditorium
Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. as Pete
Seeger presents a concert of his
infectious folk music. Ranked by
Carl Sandburg as America’s
greatest folk artst, Pete Seeger
has become synonymous with the
community folk-sing.
Born info a family of profes
sional musicians in 1919, Seeger
had no real interest in studying
music until the late ’3o's, when he
discovered the folk song.
Seeger’s singing is contagious.
“Folk music,” he says, “is at its
healthiest when people partici
pate.”

Tickets for the Secger concert
are on sale at Memorial Auditori
um Box Office, at $1.50, $2.50,
and $3.
