# Simultaneous Chess Tonight.
## 
### 
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
W. P. Burbank, '16, will meet all
members of the Chess club in a simul
taneous match to be played tonight at
7:30 in Encina club room. Burbank
holds first position among the chess
players of the club, and succeeded in
winning his match from California in
the inter-collegiate tournament held
last year.
