# Change Date of Smoker.
## 
### 
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
The date for the Law "Smoker" has
been changed to next Thursday even
ing.
