# COLLEGE NEWS FILE
## 
### 
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
The Daily's file of college news
papers will be kept up to date again
this quarter and all ex-students of
other colleges are invited to inspect
them.
