# Picker Picks Big Boensch for Award
## 
### 
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
Freddy Boensch, the Farm's gi
gantic (and he's just as good as
he is big) left tackle, was picked
by the Peerless Picker today for
Keeblc's weekly award of an en
graved fountain pen for liis ster
ling performance against the Bru
ins Saturday.
