# 'I' Club Sponsors All-Campus Dance
## 
### 
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
The Stanford "I" Club is spon
soring an all-campus "stag or
drag" dance tonight from 9 to 2
in the El Rancho Motel and Res
taurant on El Camino Real in
South Palo Alto.
Music will be provided by Sal
Butera and his Tip Toppers and
admission is free. Arrangements
for transportation may be marie
at the"I" Club Coffee Hour this
afternoon.
