# JOKE CONTEST FOR CHAPPIE'S BIG GAME ISSUE COMMENCES
## 
### 
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
Chaparral is still waving its ten
dollar prize in the air and waiting
for additional contributions to the
Joke Contest for the Big Game is
sue. The contest ends Saturday eve
ning.
All jokes, which must be original
and not over 100 words in length,
may be either mailed to Box 15, the
campus, or dropped into the slot in
the door of the Chaparral Press
Building office. The winning joke
and its composer's name will ap
pear in the Big Game Number of
Chaparral.
Any literary or art material will
be received by the staff; that of a
humorous nature being especially
at a premium. Any artist who finds
a dearth of materiaL for their
sketches will be given a few
hunches by Van King, art editor,
who may be reached at the Chi Psi
house. As the time is so limited all
copy must be turned in by Satur
day. ,
