# RECORDS MADE ON WET TRACK
## 
### 
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
New American running and walking
champions were made recently, in
spite of a mud-soaked track. "Willie
Ritola, the Finn, set a new 10-mile
record when lie took the 10-mile cham
pionship away from Fred Wachsmuth.
Willie Plant re-won his seven-mile
walking title.
