# Sequoia to Choose New Biz Manager
## 
### 
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
Sign-ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will be held to
day and tomorrow in Room 33."),
Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are eli
gible. Applicants will be notified
of their tryout times and places.
Sequoia is the campus literary
publication. The next issue will
appear in May, under the editor
ship of Linda Lovelace.
