# Cosmo Club to Host ASSU Candidates
## 
### 
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
Cosmo Club will hold a "Meet
the Candidates" party at Adobe
Creek Lodge Friday at 9 p.m.
Guests may ask questions of
the ASSU and office candi
dates who will be present.
