# "STUDENT HOUSING
## 
### 
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
"With the opening of this school
year we lmve had to put a largo num
ber of our men students three or four
in a room in .our dormitories. We
have also had to appeal to the citi
zens of Palo Alto to open their homes
to students. These conditions are the
result of the underhousing in all
parts of the community. The student
body is being demoralized to a con
siderable extent by these unsatisfac
tory living conditions. During the
war many of our young men became
accustomed to barracks life and with
the present living conditions 1 fear a
development of the barracks attitude
on our part of our men. The work
of the students naturally suffers in
consequence of this overcrowding. We
wish to do more at Stanford Univer
sity than merely to offer class-rcom in
struction. We want to develop a high
type of western manhood and have
external conditions such that they
-make for the high ideals and proper
normal living. I feel that it is an
vrgent necessity for us to corn ct the
existing conditions. In order to ac
commodate a student body of a proxi
mately 200 we need to erect promptly
additional residence halls, and eating
facilities for 200 women and 50»i men.
If this done we can, together with the
use of most of the existing sorority
and fraternity houses, meet our prob
lem for a number of years to come.
There will be a time when, as the
fraternity houses become worn out,
they will have to be renlaced by ade
quate and permanent buildings, r 1
think we hace a plan for building that
will meet the wishes of the whole
community, that embodies the best
features of the dormitory, fraternity
hod the noted Oxford College system.
