# PICTORIAL FEATURES 'COME BACK' STORIES
## 
### 
Excellent pictures of the Bfg Game
and of Rough's Day, snappy ediotrials,
a cover design which will attract at
tention, and "come back" stories, are
the principal features of this month's
Pictorial. Advance copies of the
magazine give evidence that a great
deal of comment will be aroused
among the students after reading this
issue. The retiring editor, Robert W.
Kenny, '21, has left a lasting im
pression by hi√ü "swan song" and cer
tain honor societies, and women's
regulatory bodies are due for a shock.
Outspoken criticism by other student
writers of these some honor societies,
and other established campus tradi
tions, will be received with surprise
by many.
Articles of special interest include
"Ye College Pranke," by K. N. Ste
wart, '23; "Yellow Publicity," by Paul
Clyde, '20, and "College Women and
Marriage," by an anonymous writer.
