# Stanford Professors Win Awards
## 
### 
Eleven Californians, including
two Stanford University profes
sors, have won postdoctoral re
search fellowships in the humani
ties and related social sciences for
1962-63, the American Council of

Learned Societies announced Sun
day in New York.
Stanfordâ€™s winners are Prof.
Gordon Wright, chairman of the
History Department, who will
work on a history of World War
II in Europe and its impact on
European institutions and cul
ture, and Associate Prof. Thomas
C. Moser of the English Depart
ment, for a biography of Ford
Madox Ford.
As a group, California colleges
and universities topped every
other state in the country in
award winners from academic in
stitutions, New York was second,
with nine of the 53 fellowships.
Three fellowships were award
ed UC-Berkeley history faculty
members: Thomas C. Barnes,
Bryce D. Lyon, and Richard A.
Webster.
