# Executive Committee Meets.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its first
meeting of the semester last night.
In the absence of President Roehr,
Vice-President M. A. Thomas pre
sided. No business of importance
was transacted. At the last meet
ing of the committee L. H Rose
berry, '04, manager of the Tennis
Club, was instructed to submit con
tracts for the construction of two
new tennis courts, which were to be
authorized when the club had col
lected subscriptions which had been
promised. Roseberry has not re
turned to college, and in the ab
sence of any report, no action was
taken by the Executive Committee.
The committee will meet at 7
o'clock every Wednesday in room
23.
