# Vote Result Still Delayed
## 
### 
Announcement of the results
of last work's ASSU vice presi
dential primary election have
ben delayed while Election Com
missioner Craig Brown awaits
results from the Italy and Aus
tria campuses.
If a runoff is needed, indica
tions are it would be held n< xt
week.
Up to this past weekend, the
Austria group had been on a
field trip to Berlin, and the Italy
group had br>en on a field trip
to Rome and Naples. It was not
known, however, if these trips
directly interfered with the vot
ing.
The vice presidency has been
vacant since former Vice presi
dent Cesare Massarenti succeed
ed Peter Lyman in the presi
dency. Lyman resigned the post
in November.
