# Autos
## 
### 
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
Campus residents having visitors in
automobiles can aid their friends in
avoiding confusion with their machines

by observing the requests and
regulations printed in another
column. To expedite the com-

ing and going of the automobiles it
will save time to leave by the Lasuen
street gate rather than by the Pine
avenue road. Strict obedience to the
regulations will save much time, and
the motorists will get there more
quickly by strict adherence to the or
ders issued.
