# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
Visiting Profs
Party Tonight
Visiting summer faculty
members will be honored at a
party tonight given by the
Stanford Women's Faculty
Club.
The annual event will be
held at the Center for Ad
vanced Study in the Behav
ioral Sciences.
Punch will be served at 6
p.m., followed by dinner at
6:30.
