# Stanford Summer Weekly
## 
### 
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
The Stanford Summer ITeekly is pub
lished weekly by the Associated Students
of Stanford University during the Sum
mer Quarter.

Editor Jerry Rankin
Staff This Issue
Don Campbell
