# CIBA teams miss playoffs
## 
### 
The NCAA baseball commit
tee's decision to offer no NCAA
playoff berths to teams in the
California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBA) was
"completely political," accord
ing to baseball coach Ray Young,
There is still a chance for CIBA
champion UCLA to capture aAat
large berth in one of eight dis
trict playoffs to be held next
week, Young said. But he said he
saw no way other CIBA teams,
including Stanford, could gain a
berth.
Examining some of the other
teams already given playoff
spots, Young said, "Those teams
do not play anybody as strong as
the teams we play."
The district playoffs will be
held in Pullman, Wash. May
27-29, with Washington State,
Fullerton State, Pepperdine and
Northern Colorado competing.
