# Shaw Drama Wins Acclaim
## 
### 
Bernard Shaw's eternally popular
witty satire and John Walker
Vaughn's excellent rendition of
Dick Dudgeon made the Stanford
Players' production of "The Devil's
Disciple," which opened its three
night run last night, a hit as visual,
winning acclaim from a large open
ing night audience.
Phyllis Graham was also very
good as the self-assured minister's
wife, who was sure she loved Dudg
eon. Reverend Anderson, although
rather young looking for a man who
was supposed to be 20 years older
than his wife, gave an extremely
good portrayal of the minister who
was really a man of action. Newt
Arnold and Beatrice Manley, al
though reasonably good as General
Burgoyne and Mrs. Arnold, did not
come up to the standards set by
Shaw's play.
The four sets were very good and
showed that they had had a great
deal of work put in on them; the
costumes were very realistic. All
together, the actors were all good,
the play excellently directed by
Norman Philbrick, who carefully
preserved Shaw's lack of romantic
intrigue, and as usual left the au
dience with the sensation of having
seen a good play.â€”Dee Keatley
