# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
Jordan House announces Ihc en
gagement of Lois Chapman to Tom
Fishel, Sigma Nu.
