# WEIGLE TO TAKE SABBATICAL
## 
### 
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
Professor Clifford F. Weiglc, as
sociate professor of journalism, will
take his sabbatical leave fall quar
ter. He plans to engage in study und
research at the University of Min
nesota.
