# Archuleta named asst. dean
## 
### Bobby Schrader Senior staff writer 
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
Keith Archuleta, currently as
sistant director of the Row. has
been appointed assistant dean of
Student Affairs in charge of the
Black Community Services Cen
ter.
Archuleta replaces Faye
McNair-Knox, now vice chair of
the University Committee on
Minority Issues.
Archuleta, a graduate of Stan
ford with honors in African and
Afro-American studies as well as
distinction in communication,
served as former student co-chair
of the Black Student Union in
1977-78. He wrote the 1978 BSU
proposal that led to the creation
of the job he will now fill.
Archuleta said he is pleased
about the appointment and that
McN air-Knox laid the groudwork
for his work in the Black Commu
nity Services Center.

"Ten years ago, I was a student
when we fought to have this cen
ter. . . . Since then, a legacy has
developed." he said. "Dr. Knox
has helped to transform the idea
we had on paper into a
reality. . . . Now the task ahead of
us is to grow."
Archuleta pointed to the suc
cess of the community center in
founding outreach programs in
Palo Alto, the Bay Area and the
nation, as well as "educating and
informing the general community
here at Stanford about the needs
and the situation facing African-
American people in this society."
But he stressed that the Univer
sity can and must give more sup
port to minority and Third World
student organizations.
Archuleta said he will seek to
increase the University budget
outlays set aside for black student
organizations, as well as change
his position as director of the
Community Services Center from

a half-time to a full-time job.
However, his major goal is to
achieve a stronger link between
Stanford and East Palo Alto by
establishing a counterpart center
that would provide jobs and edu
cational services.
In addition to getting the pro
gram approved by the University
administration. Archuleta is ser
ving as the coordinator of the
Black Liberation Month Sympo
sium, scheduled for February.
Archuleta outlined the painful
process which he and many others
in the Stanford black community
went through in the late 1960s
and early '70s to establish the
community service center and
launch reforms in Stanford's aca
demic programs and admissions
and financial aids policies.
It was not until the late '60s
that Stanford started to admit
substantial numbers of black stu
dents, Archuleta said.
