# BUG HUNTERS SEEK SPECIES OF INSECTS TO FULFILL COURSE
## 
### 
When the Panama Canal was
built, the United States Army was
put to work to destroy insects.
The deadly mosquito was the big
pest. Stanford University needs
no such drastic measures to rid
its campus of these pests, for
students signed in the Classifica
tion of Insects courses are vali
antly doing their bit for the
cause.
Daily, around the lake, may be
seen these insectologists, with
their wicked nets, endeavoring to
garner enough to fill in the neces
sary 250 species. Some, perhaps,
are canvassing Branner beds for
their collection; others, it is
hoped, will not be so keen
sighted, and will collect 250 mo
squitoes by mistake.
