# JORDAN TALKS ON ORIGIN OF MAN IN WEEKLY MEETING
## 
### 
"There is no more possible question
about the theory of evolution than
there is about the theory of gravita
tion," declared Dr. Jordan last night
in discussing the origin of man. The
subject as given was originally plan
ned as a lecture before the general
biology classes, and contained a dis
cussion of the various evidences in
favor of the much-mooted theory.
Besides discussing the points of
proof found in the study of compara
live anatomy, embryology, and fossils,
Dr. Jordan stressed the point that man
and other animals are constantly un
dergoing change. Everything in nature
is not only changing, but is changing
in a regular order.
"Evolution can fit into religion," he
said in mentioning the fundamentalist
troubles that have arisen lately. "The
squabble has been of value in that it
has produced from our scientific men
some of the best books that have ever
been written on the subject. Unless
attacked, the real scientist prefers to
remain quietly at work, using the
motto that it is better not to throw
rocks in still pools."
