# Students Must Apply For Tuition Notes This Week
## 
### 
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
Renewals and applications for tui
tion notes for the winter quarter
should be made at the Dean of Men's
office Thursday and Friday of this
week. It is very important that this
matter be attended to before the end
of this quarter.
