# County To Establish Branch Library Here
## 
### 
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
Miss Stella Huntington, Santa Clara
county librarian, announces that a
branch of the county library will he
established shortly at the Bookstore.
This county library branch is mainly
intended to provide general reading
matter such as the University library
does not have, especially fiction,
travel, biography, and works of a gen
eral nature.
Under no circumstances will text
books be furnished through the
branch. It has been found necessary
to make this rule, because of the lim
ited means and facilities which the
county library has for its work. The
service will be free. Only a small
number of books will be putin at
first, but those will be increased as
the demand warrants.
