# Will Go to West Point.
## 
### 
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
R. I). Johnson, '08, of Portland,
Or., has been notified that his ap

pointment to West I'oint has been
accepted without his being required
to take the usual mental examina
tion. Johnson's credentials from
Stanford University have been re
garded as sufficient to entitle him
to enter the academy without fur
ther test except the regular physi
cal examination. He received the
appointment several months ago.
Johnson is registered in the Law
department and is a member of the
Chi Psi fraternity. Last year he
played on the Multnomah Club
football team which met Stanford
and California.
