# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
\ 112" "tnjuJ Rock
"BRAINS
OVER BRAWN"
I broke my back
to get ahead.
Football, track,
baseball, basket
ball. But nobody
noticed
one weary day I
started wearing
A-lßapierslacks.
Instant success.
Now I'm a con
firmed 6-letter
man. RAPIER,
of course.
// it
■ ? i ;
(\ ']
b v. h 1
I !
I
I ' / / > ■
\ " ? /
\ : / ■$''
V y /
1/ >v
7 /
\ < \
t 4.95 to 6.95
\JJJ fiafziesi/
CONTINENTAL SLACKS
At your favorite campus shop
Letters to the editor must bp
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
