# Wheelwright Will Play 'Lost Chord' in Recital
## 
### 
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
I). Sterling Wheelwright, as
sistant organist, will play "The
Lost Chord" at his regular Thurs
day afternoon organ recital today
at 4:15 p.m.
"Fantasia in G Minor," ' Come,
Sweet Rest," "Bouree and Mil
setle," and "To an American Sol
dier" will also be included in tin
program.
