# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
The greatest thriller ever >;•
brought to the talking WgF Ij
screen — a romance of wild 7tl a
TRADER HORN IWmjl
TWICE DAILY j|j |i
I olumbi fk *" ,; |
O'Farrell near Powell £ I
■HHHHB9 I
Now Playing |
APRIL-mi
sun|monltueslwep|thulfr! [sat
-*v. 1 2 3 4
y"6 w]r
12 13 1415 16 17 18
19 20 21122123 2*25
26127128129130 /**y I
TODAY—
and not only today but ever>
day, DAI LY classifieds are get
ting speedy results for their
users.
The next time you have some
thing to buy or sell why not try
DAILY classifieds?The results
will surprise you.
THE STANFORD DAILY
