# MUNICIPAL VOTING AROUSES SPANIARDS AGAINST MONARCHY
## 
### 
MADRID, April 5. (TP)â€”The mon
archy was attacked by Republicdns
and Socialists and defended by
Monarchists in several thousand
political rallies throughout Spain
today.

The meetings were the last big
political gatherings before next Sun
day when the first municipal elec
tions in eight years will be held in
the country.

Shouts of "death to the King!"
and "long live the republic!" punc
tuated various Republican meetings.
Police did not interfere, presumably
having been instructed to molest
demonstrators. It was generally
peaceful in Madrid.
Many Spaniards ignored the po
litical campaigns and spent the day
observing Easter. In Madrid there
were ten Left meeting to one Mon
archist.
