# U.S. SEEN TO LEAD ANTI-DRUG CRUSADE
## 
### 
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
GENEVA, April 5. (/P) —If any
progress is to be made in doing away
with the narcotics evil by the
League of Nations, the United Stales
must take the leading hand, accord
ing to anti-narcotic leaders. The
problem is to be discussed at a con
ference at Geneva starting May 27.
The United States must lend the
league committee aid, it is said.
