# Gymnasium Club to Meet.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
The first meeting of the Gym
nasium Club will be held Wednes
day, September 2d, at 8 o'clock in
Encina Gymnasium for the election
of officers.
