# Quads.
## 
### 
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
— Football practice began today
at the University of California.
—Miss Pearl Green, '98, was
elected to a second term as grand
secretary of Kappa Alpha Theta
sorority at the annual convention
held last week at Minneapolis.
—Among the articles in the Sep
tember Sunset is "Bannister's
Scoop," a Btory with a Stanford
setting. The authors are C. K.
Field, '95, and W. H. Irwin, '99.
—At the tennis tournament for
the championship of the Pacific
Coast which commenced on the San
Rafael courts this morning, Louis
Freeman, ex-'99, the present cham
pion in both singleß and doubles,
will be one of the principal players.
— Dr. A. A. D'Anacona, professor
of hygiene in the University of
California, has offered two prizes
for the best showing made on track
and football field respectively.
One prize is a gold pennant and
the other an elaborate University
stein.
