# POLITICAL SCIENCE ASSISTANT LEAVES
## 
### 
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
John M. Edy, city manager of
Berkeley, who lias conducted
classes in Public Management in
the Political Science department
during the past two years, has ac
cepted the position of city man
ager at Flint, Michigan, and will
leave for the East the lirst week
in June.
