# Untitled Article
## 
### 
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
AUTRUIL, France, May 20. (AP)-
Ilill Tilden was placed second only
to Henri Cochot of France in tiie
draw for the French hard court
tennis championships which was
announced today.
