# Wedder
## 
### 

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.

Spring sprung a leak yesterday, as
students crossed a cloud-covered quad
for first-day classes.
