# Daily Staff Hurry Back!
## 
### 
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
All Daily staffers and anyone
wishing to work for the Daily
*>lease stop by the offices and
rill out time cards with Jay
Bosworth. All new workers will
e warmly received and greatly
appreciated.
