# Adv. 21 Page 8
## 
### 
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
Find out more about opportunities
with CITY YEAR SAN JOSE/SILICON
VALLEY at two information sessions
today. City Year is currently
accepting applications for
ten-month AmeriCorps positions
beginning in August. City Year is a
full-time AmeriCorps program that
engages 17 to 24 year olds fora
demanding year of team-based
community service, leadership
development, and civic engage- -"
ment. Service primarily involves
working with children and youth,
helping them to become more
successful, caring, confident, and
civically engaged.
Email jsarvey@cityyear.org
or call (408) 294-2290.
www.cityyear.org.
