# the 						History Corner
## 
### 
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
1958
Over 30 years ago today, the Daily pub
lished a piece on the front page exploring
the differences between Stanford and East
ern universities. Under a subhead titled,
"Self-conscious," Stew Toy wrote: "Thus,
Stanford, while different from the Ivy
League colleges, is also unique in the West.
The one great private, non-denominational
university on the Pacific Coast, it must com
pete with the large tax-supported, land
grant universities — most notably the gi
gantic University of California.
"Various factors make this competition
possible. Probably the greatest of these is
'snob appeal.' The nouveau riche are a self
conscious lot, and it is natural that they
should try to emulate the eastern seat of
traditional wealth and send their children
to an expensive, private, 'eastern-type' uni
versity."
The Bottom Line: Now, who said people in the
50s were afraid to tell it like it is?
