# IF BROKE, APPLY FOR TIUTION NOTE, PRONTO
## 
### 
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
Applications for spring quarter tuition
notes may now be turned in at Dean
Culver's office. Three hundred and forty
of these notes were taken out last quar
ter. The number has yearly been in
creasing, so more men are expected to
apply this time. The Dean's office will
be open for this business until the end
of the quarter.
