# SAN QUENTIN PRISON ASKS FOR TEXT BOOKS
## 
### 
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
Old text books are wanted from Stan
ford students for use in San Quentin
prison. These should be turned in
at the Y. M. C. A. office in the Men's
Union or at the Women's Clubhouse.
Chaplain Laizure of the prison says
there is such a shortage and the need
is so great that any book, no matter
what kind, condition or shape, can be
used in the educational work of the
institution. Books may be turned in
from now on throughout next quarter.
