# REGISTRATION DANCE WILL BE GIVEN BY ENGLISH CLUB
## 
### 
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
That the English Club will give the
Spring Registration Dance was the
announcement made by Robert C.
Binkley, president of the club, today.
The dance will be given in the Wom
en's Clubhouse on the campus, the
night of April 3, the day the spring
quarter opens.
