# College Faculty Starts Strange Strike in Far Eastern Institution
## 
### 
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
The faculty of the University of
Sofia, Bulgaria, recently went on a
strike, making demands upon the
Ministry of Education and declining
to hold classes until they were as
sured that their feelings would be
respected.
The action of the professors was
taken, not over an attempt to reduce
wages, but the elimination of one let
ter from the crowded Bulgarian alpha
bet, announced sometime ago by the
Bulgarian ministry.
