# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
—( A.E R [—
Back of our modern
branch system is an
80-year tradition of
sound banking. Visit
our nearest office
and learn the conven
ience of metropolitan
banking that reaches
almost to your door.
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Saving* • TruU
COMMERCIAL BANKING
1M BI
■ 11
