# ALPHA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Herbert Armstrong, '35.
