# Treasury Aide
## 
### 

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.

Marriner Stoddard Eccles,
43-year-old Republican banker
and iru trtalist of Ogden,
Utah, who has taken over the
post of special assistant to
Secretary of ih a Treasury
Morgenthau which was resign
ed by Earle Baillie, New York
banker. He virtually occupies
the position of Under-Secre
tary.
