# Card, Bruin Water Polo Teams Play Next Week
## 
### 
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
Stanford will meet U.C.L.A. in two
water polo games next Monday and
Tuesday, it. was announced last night
by B.A.C. publicity man Don Lieben
dorfer. They were scheduled yes
terday by the Board of Athletic Con
trol. Each of the contests will start
at 4:15 o'clock, Liebendorfer said.
