# TENNIS ELECTION
## 
### 
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
Election of the captain for the
freshman tennis squad will be held
at a meeting this afternoon at 5
o'clock in room 41 of the B.A.C.
building. All members are requested
to be present.
