# One Dies, 12 Escape in Capsizing
## 
### 

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.

Chief Engineer W. W. Leloh was drowned and 12 seamen thrown into
the water, barely escaping with their lives, recently in Sun Pedro
harbor when the seiner Rainbow rolled over completely while ma
neuvering to adjust her compass. Wreckage of the boat is pictured
above.
