# WATER POLOISTS, RUGGERS AKIN
## 
### 
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
And come to think of it, Stanford',;
water poloists will be scrapping Sat
urday for their second successive
league title. The water poloists have
one thing in common with the Stan
ford Rugby Club: both have been
undefeated in league play since the
inception of their respective leagues
over a year ago, and both arc play
ing Saturday with their second suc
cessive league titles at stake.
In an adjoining column is a notice
that requests for informative stories
concerning the rules and regulations
of rugger play will be complied with,
if the sports editor receives suffi
cient evidence of interest. So if you
are one of tin fans v/ho have been
hungering for such dope, send in'
your questions or requests.
