# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
Stanford sports fans unac
quainted with rules and finer
points of rugby play, have sug
gested that the Daily run a se
ries of articles informing the
uninitiated what really goes on
in a rugger game. If the dope
seekers will write in to the
Sports Editor, Stanford Daily,
and if sufficient interest is
shown, the Daily will gladly
print such informative articles.
