# Adv. 27 Page 4
## 
### 
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
I
tho very best in borboring
ot low prices
448 University Ave., P A
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
