# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
Roble Hall announces tlie en
gagement of Mary Lisbeth David
son, '61, to Laurence Edward
Winter, El Campo, '59, University
of Oregon Medical School '63.
