# Poloists Meet USC, UCLA
## 
### 
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
Stanford's twice defeated water
polo team travels south this
weekend into the polo capital of
the country to do battle with
UCLA Friday afternoon and SC
Saturday morning.
The Indians will he taking a
12 man squad which will include
George Harrison, Boh Lorton and
Bob Spence, high scorers for
Stanford so far this season. The
Cards have again shown marked
mprovement in their drills this
week, and should be in fair shape
for the trip south.
Stanford appears to have small
•hance of overcoming the Trojans
who boast two polo players from
Hungary's championship 1956
Olympic team, one of whom was
chosen all-Olympic goal guard.
UCLA is expected to provide

somewhat of an easier opponent
for the Cards. Despite the wealth
of high school polo talent in the
area from which UCLA annually
draws, Stanford may win against
the Bruin.
