# GLEE CLUB PLANS THREE-DAY TOUR AT THANKSGIVING
## 
### 
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
Programs have been arranged for the
four Thanksgiving vacation concerts to
be given by the Stanford Glee Club on
its tour which starts tomorrow and
lasts till Sunday night. The songs and
entertainment at three of the concerts
will be substantially the same and will
consist mainly of humorous and college
songs, music by the seven-piece Glee
Club Orchestra, selections by the Glee
Club quartet, and novelty acts by Phil
Brooks and George Eardley, similar to
those they presented in the Football
Show.
The recital at the Theater of the
Golden Bough in Carmel on Friday
evening wi/l be more formal. The songs
chosen for this appearance are as fol
lows: "Hail, Alma Mater," two numbers
by Palestrina "Odoramus Te" and "Im
properia," "Matona, Lovely Maiden,"
by Orlando di Lasso, and "How Bright
ly Shines the Morning Star," by J. S.
Bach, a new addition to the club's rep
ertoire. A baritone solo by Paul Ten
ney will be followed by "Loch Lom
mond," an old Scotch song, and three
negro spirituals—"Walkin' in de Gar
den," "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," and
"Trainin' to de Grave." The "Singer's
March" is an old favorite among the
club's songs. Phil Brooks' Japanese
impersonation will follow and then num
bers by the quartet. The last group of
songs by the whole club will be "Idyll
Mongolienne," a new humorous selec
tion, "Comin' Home," "Salterelle," by
Saint Sacns and "Hail, Stanford Hail."
The three concerts at the Del Monte
Hotel on Thursday, the California
Theater of Watsonville on Saturday
night and the California Theater of Sa
linas on Sunday night will have sev
eral Stanford songs including "The
Cardinal Is Waving," "Sing a Song of
Colleges," "Sons of the Stanford Red."
The orchestra will give an act featur

ing various dances and George Eardle
will also dance.
The twenty-eight singers and enter
tainers will make the trip by auto and
return to the campus at midnight Sun
day.
