# NEW ADDITIONS MADE IN UNIVERSITY LIBRARY.
## 
### 
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
During the past month several valu
able sets have been added to the
Library, most of these being complete
tiles of foreign periodicals needed for
research work in the different depart
ments. Three of them, the "Notizle
degli Scavi," the "Gazetta Chimica
Italiana," and the "Bollettino di Arch
eologia Cristiana," are very useful
Italian publications, the last men
tioned, which is devoted to the study
of early Christian Archaeology, being
quite rare.
Another valuable addition is Gil
bert's Annalen der Physik, the prede
cessor of Poggendurff's Annalen, thus
giving the Library a complete run of
this periodical from 1799 to date.
Students of history and religion will
be more interested to hear that
Migne's Patrologia Latina has been
purchased, for this big 221 volume set
of the writings of the Latin fathers is
essential to their work along these
lines. To the Law Library the largest
recent addition has been Halsbury's
Laws of England.
As Dr. Eliot's five foot shelf is now
nearly complete this is a good time to
draw attention to the fact that this
interesting and suggestive collection
is shelved in the reference room where
it may be freely consulted and read by
all.
