# Untitled Article
## 
### 
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
As representatives who have fought
fairly with their last breath to gain a
victory for the Cardinal, the fifteen
Freshmen who secured a tie score to
day are to be highly congratulated.
Stanford is proud of a team that has
secured so early a conception of the
Stanford athletic spirit as have these
plucky rugby players. A clean, sports
manlike game was the result and Stan
ford is justly enthusiastic over the be
ginning 1914 has made in the athletic
field.
