# Spokesman Says Dulles Undecided
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (/P) â€” A State
Department spokesman said yes
lerday Secretary John Foster
Dulles still has made no decision
on whether he will actively re
sume his job or retire to less
strenuous work.
Press officer Lincoln White
s.'tid this in reply to repeated que
ues from newsmen.
At President Eisenhower's va
cation headquarters in Augusta,
Ga., White House press secretary
James C. Hagerty said in effect
there has been no change in Dul
les' plans to finish his stay in
Florida before deciding about the
future.
There have been conflicting re
ports that Dulles has decided to
quit, or that he has decided to
come back full time to the top for
eign affairs job at least for a
while.
