# Former Dean Dies Of Heart Attack
## 
### 
George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

George B. Culver, dean of men at
Stanford from 1929 to 1938, died in
Palo Alto Friday from a heart at
tack. Pie would have been 7G on
Jan. 21.
Alter receiving his Bachelor's and
Master of Arts degrees from Stan
lord and a Bachelor of Laws de
gree from George Washington Uni
versity, Culver entered into gov
ernment work, but switched to ed
ucation and came to Stanford in
1920.
During his 18 years at Stanford.
Dean Culver took a leading part in
building the Honor Code, and did
much toward bettering eating and
housing facilities for students.

