# File Program Changes Today to Avoid Fines
## 
### 
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
All change of stucy cards must ,
be tiled by 5 p.m. today at the in
formation desk at the registrar's of
qee to avoid fines, Miss Arminta \
Cook, information secretary in the j
registrars oftice, has announced. !
Any change of study cards after to
day must be made by petition, and a .
fine ot will be charged for each J
course dropped and each course ta- ;
ken up.
