# 'Y' to Interview Aspiring Workers
## 
### 
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
Laura Ault. personnel director oi'
the National YWCA Board, will in
terview girls interested in profes
sioml "Y" work in the "Y" lounge
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 2 (o 5
p.m. today.
Salaries for YWCA work are
comparable to those of the teaching
profession. They range from $2,000
to $3.(500 for young graduates. Sen
iors and graduate women are par
ticularly encouraged to see Miss
Ault while she is on campus today,
said Miss Pat Davidson, director of
the Stanford YWCA.
