# Women to Draw For Rooms Today
## 
### 
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
Room drawing for all eligible
women other than senior sponsors
will be held today from 8 to 4:30 in
Room 101-D, Inner Quad.
According to yellow cards turned
in Tuesday, there will be 53 vacan
cies in women's residences. These
include 17 in Lagunita, 10 in Bran
ner, three in Ventura, nine in the
Union Unit, and 13 on the Row.
Placement in residences for win
ter quarter will be according to
class and number drawn within
classes. Senior sponsors will be
placed before seniors. If two or
three women of different classes
draw together, assignment will be
by the lowest class.
Cancellations of numbers may be
made tomorrow in Room 101-A. The
entire span of numbers drawn will
be posted tomorrow morning. Ap
plications for shrinkage may be
made Tuesday.
