# STUDENT VOLUNTEERS TO MEET SATURDAY
## 
### 
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
Tlio Student Volunteers for Foreign
Missions are to meet tomorrow at 4
p.m. in tho Y. W. C. A. room in the
Womer.'j Club House. Tomorrow's
gathering is the regular Saturday
meeting but it is of special import
ance as the representatives of the
Northern California Union of tho Stu
dent Volunteers will be present. They
have been visiting the different bands
of the stats and their presence ought
to make the hour very profitable.
Everyone is cordially invited.
