# Adv. 16 Page 7
## 
### 
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
RESTAI'RANT, ENC.LISH
Pi b & Celtic Shop
—The Patio—
Is Open
Reminiscent of the quiet
elegance of the Victorian
Days, lunch and dinner of
traditional British fare can
now be enjoyed on our patio.
Afternoon Cream Teas are
served from 2 to 5 p.m.
Tues.-Fri. 11 am to 11 pm
Sat. 11 am to spm
630 Ramona, Palo Alto
321-0778
