# Professor Dies After Long Illness.
## 
### 
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
Professor J. A. Bergstrom, of the
department of Education, died this
morning at 11 o'clock at the Penin
sula Hospital, after a continued ill
ness of some months. Professor Berg
strom was taken ill last semester, and
he has suffered intermittently ever
since, several operations failing to
relieve the patient. A tumor on the
brain was the primary cause of the
death of the professor.
