# Lectures On Naturalists.
## 
### 
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
Tlie departments of Botany have
planned a series of lectures about em
inent naturalists, portraits of whom
are now hung in the library of the de
partments, room 461. The addresses
will be given in the Botanical Lecture
room, 460, on successive Tuesdays,
beginning March 1.and will be open to
all. The first speaker will be Presi
dent Jordan and his topic. Charles
Darwin. Later on will come Professor
Dudley on Asa Gray, Professor Kel
logg on Thomas Huxley, and Professor
Cooper on Goethe.
