# Engagements
## 
### 
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
Roth House announces the engage
ment of Ida Lu Spurgin to Lt. Good
hew Smith.
Theresa Russell House announces
the engagement of Marion Bush to
Leßoy Haines and the marriage of
Georgiana Baer and Louis Johnston.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Kathleen Tiernan to
Charles Markham and the engage
ment of Katharine Williams to Rus
sell Smith.
Lagunita announces the marriage
ot Barbara Nielsen and Thomas En
loe, the engagements of Anne Mac-
Gregor to Harold E. Riley, Ellen
Davis to Ed Carpenter, Ardine Edel
man to Herbert Ginsberg, Betty
Kenney to Don Smith, Miriam
Krauskopf to Jack Meyer, Jaqueline
Weyl to Jack Werner, Jr., Jo Anne
Schaeffer to Charles B. Thorne, and
Phyllis Swan to Robert T. Dorsev.
