# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
GOOD
SLEEPER?
Ages 21-50
Stanford University
Physicians will pay
women and men $400
to take part in a sleep
study.
You must: Be able to spend
one week (24 hrs. a day) in
our lab. Be willing to take
sleeping pills. Have good
sleep and regular sleep
habits.
Call Sue, Collect
415-325-4697
