# Watermelon Feed Scheduled Saturday
## 
### 
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
SAMPLING SATURDAY'S STOCK —Kay Vinson, AWS vice-president, and Jon Cosovich, ASSU
vice-president, taste a chunk of juicy watermelon, in anticipation of Saturday's all-campus
Watermelon Feed. It will be held Saturday, from 2 to 5 p.m. on the Women's Gym field, op
posite Lagunita Court. In addition to eating fr3e watermelon, students may play volleyball
and swim in the Women's Pool at this traditional summer guarter social event. The Women's
Gym department stressed the fact that the unrestricted, mixed swimming will be allowed only
that afternoon.


Kilburn MacMnrraugh
