# Razor, Tools Stolen From Parked Truck
## 
### 
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
An electric razor and tools were
stolen from a truck parked on Lo
mita Road in front of Lake Lagu
nita Sunday.
William Haule, 860 E=condido
Avenue, Palo Alto, reported these
items missing from his truck be
tween 10 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., ac
cording to the Stanford police de
partment.
