# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
CONTRAST
GOES
ON!
TRY BLOOMS
SHEER CHIFFON
HOISERY
No. 711 at $1.25 per pair
in Copper Leaf for black
and dark shades.
♦
DLCCM'S
