# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
Thirty-five Chinese students are en
rolled in the University of Illinois this
year.
