# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
JUSTA
MINIT
It takes but a moment to
make one's purchases at
this most-convenient-to
the-campus drug store.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 yniversity Ave.
