# Song Contest to Close on Sunday
## 
### 
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
Those seeking fame in musical com
posing are. reminded that manuscripts
for the U. S. C. song contest being
conducted by the Rally Committee must
be delivered to Jean Ward at the Kappa
Kappa Gamma house before 8 p.m. Mon
day. The judges will meet after the
closing time at the Phi Delta Theta
house, where the winner will be chosen.
