# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
For Colds
For severe eases, a hot
foot bath and a hot drink
of lemonade before going
to bed. Then cover up
well.
During the ddy, our own
cold capsules — you'll
find them relieving.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
