# NOTICE
## 
### 
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
Drawings for play in the intramural
tennis and handball tournaments are
posted on the bulletin board in the
Encina gym. C. W. Davis asks that all
entrants consult the lists and play off
their matches as promptly as possible.
