# Women's Teams To Debate Campus, Local Questions
## 
### 
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
Lorraine. Reeder, women's debate
manager, announces a new policy for
this year's activities. Only campus
and local questions will be discussed,
in an endeavor to arouse wider inter
est and to secure larger audiences.
Formerly political issues and world
affairs were chosen as topics.
Negotiations are being made with
the University of California for a wo
men's debate to take place in Decem
ber. Tryouts will probably be held
next week.
