# Gilbert Smith On Duty At Hopkins Marine Station
## 
### 
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
Professor Gilbert M. Smith was on
duty at Hopkins Marine Station for
the summer. During this time he was
co-operating with Dr. MacDougall of
the Carnegie Institution of Washing
ton and J. B. Overton of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin in an anatomical
and physiological study of the water
transport system, mainly in Monterey
Pine.
