# ROOTERS' TICKET SALE ENDS THIS AFTERNOON
## 
### 
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
Rooters* tickets for the Idaho and
Washington football games will be 011
sale for the last time this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock in the Old Union.
Stanford will moot Idaho in the Kozar
Stadium at San Francisco on Friday,
October 19; the Washington game
will be playod November 17 at Stan
ford.

Although rooters' tickets for con
ference games are regularly $1, Jake
Irwin, in charge of ticket sales for
the Hoard of Athletic Control, an
nounces that student body cards will
bo sufficient for entrance to the
U.C.L.A. game tomorrow in the Sta
dium.
