# Bosley to Address Interfaith Group
## 
### 
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
A brief student-directed Twilight
Vesper Service, sponsored by Inter
faith Council, will be given Sunday
afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Memorial
Chapel. Following the Vesper Serv
ice. the regular Sunday afternoon
student-faculty will be held at Lag
unita under the guidance of Dr. H.
A. Bosley of Baltimore. Dr. Bosley
will speak on the "Problems of
Modern Youth."
All students and faculty members
are urged to attend the program.

Don't discuss the location of your
friends in the service.
