# Untitled Article
## 
### 
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
R.J. McCann, '12 has been appoint
ed Superintendent of the Longfellow
mine at l?ig Oak Plat, California.
