# Untitled Article
## 
### 
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
K.T. Lee, ex-'12, is the father of a
baby girl, born last Saturday after
noon. ** ' *"1
