# Basketball Game Postponed.
## 
### 
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
The basketball game between the
Stanford women's varsity team and a
team from the University of Nevada,
which was scheduled for tomorrow af
ernoon, has been postponed to Monday
March 21th at 4:30. The game will be
played on the Women's Athletic Asso
ciation courts near Roble gymnasium.
