# California .Meets U.S.C. on Saturday.
## 
### 
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
The University of California track
team will leave for Los Angeles to
night, where it will meet the Univer
sity of Southern California on Satur
day. The following twenty men will
make the trip: Stanton, Wadsworth,
Allen, Todd, Clarke, Griffiths, Cuen
dett, 'Wood, Wright, Beeson, Havens,
Sliattuck, Coolidge, Wiley, Lee, Thom
as, Hill. McFie, Bangs, and Myer.
