# Correction
## 
### 
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
The Daily incorrectly stated that
the Mendicants would sing at Satur
day's Splendor on the Grass in an
article about the event in Tuesday's
paper. The Daily regrets the error.
