# Trueblood to Hold Services Sunday
## 
### 
The sermon in the regular Uni
versity service of worship at 11
o'clock on Sunday, October 9, will
be given by the chaplain of the Uni
versity, Dr. D. Elton Trueblood,
whose topic will be "The Winds of
Freedom." The sermon will have
reference both to political freedom
as involved in present world events
and moral freedom as involved in
contemporary campus problem.
The Introit will be "Shining
Shore," from Root, followed by the
Venite Exultemus Domino. The An
them, Psalm 65 by Claude Goudimel
from the Ainsworth Psalter, will be
sung by the University Choir.
I At 4 o'clock an organ recital will
be held, conducted by Warren D.
Allen, University organist.
