# H.S. PLAYER KILLED
## 
### 
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 6 (UP).
—John Dale Bello, 17, Springfield,
111., died today of a broken neck
received in a high school football
game last Saturday.
