# TYPEWRITERS REPAIRED
## 
### 
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
NEW RIBBON, thoroughly cleaned,
oiled, adjusted, $1. Completely re
conditioned, new ribbon, reservice
roller, guaranteed $4. Howe's
Typewriter Service. 4<SO Ramona
St., Phone 3664. Free loan and
pick up.
