# Stanford Chess Club.
## 
### 
The Chess Clul> has accepted the
challenge of the Pomona On liege
Cluh to a correspondence game of
chess. All chess players of the
University are invited to attend
the meetings of the cluh. There
will he a business meeting next
Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. in room 11
quad fur the election of officers.
The Chess Clul> has accepted the
challenge of the Pomona On liege
Cluh to a correspondence game of
chess. All chess players of the
University are invited to attend
the meetings of the cluh. There
will he a business meeting next
Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. in room 11
quad fur the election of officers.
The Chess Clul> has accepted the
challenge of the Pomona On liege
Cluh to a correspondence game of
chess. All chess players of the
University are invited to attend
the meetings of the cluh. There
will he a business meeting next
Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. in room 11
quad fur the election of officers.
The Chess Clul> has accepted the
challenge of the Pomona On liege
Cluh to a correspondence game of
chess. All chess players of the
University are invited to attend
the meetings of the cluh. There
will he a business meeting next
Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. in room 11
quad fur the election of officers.
The Chess Clul> has accepted the
challenge of the Pomona On liege
Cluh to a correspondence game of
chess. All chess players of the
University are invited to attend
the meetings of the cluh. There
will he a business meeting next
Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. in room 11
quad fur the election of officers.
