# Big Game Gaieties Open Tonight
## 
### JAE HUNLEY 
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
Something for every taste.
Grand opera, light and airy mel
odies, torch songs, keen-pitched
Hollywood drama, ballads and
blues. Big Game Gaieties opens
tonight!
Everything is ready for the
show's first night. The last lines
have been learned, the last hut
ton seWn on, and the last nail
pounded in.
Several acts with an interna
tional theme will he featured.
The Highlands, England, Italy,
and the West Indies are repre

sented musically in different
scenes.
Designers have planned cos
tumes to brighten the stage of
Memorial Auditorium. Slixiky si
rens and medieval courtiers will
provide interesting outfit varia
tions. Sets have been constructed
to add cheerful backgrounds for
the numbers.
All of this will keynpte Big
Game Week activities and tradi
tions.
Gaieties is directed this year by
Mil ion H. Cohen. He is assisted

by Richard Learman, assistant
director; William Scott, music di
rector; Nancy Simms, dance di
rector; Albert Gibson, technical
director; and other crew heads.
Twenty - one lively acts are
planned for the production and
there are over 50 persons in the
cast. All classes, from freshmen
to graduate students, are repre
sented, to make this a true Stan
lord show.
Music and lyrics for the show
have all been written by Stan
ford students. Every aspect of
the performance that will be pre

sented tonight is the product of
hours of work by the people seen
in classes or passed on Quad.
According to Director Milton
Cohen, each member of the cast
has worked hard to produce
"what should be a great show."
The 30-piece Gaieties orchestra
is under the direction of William
Scott. It will provide music for
all the songs and dances, chang
ing tempos from march-time to a
calypso swing.
Several special lighting effects
will be used to add depth and

variety to the scenes. Light do
signer for the show is Willis Pot
ter and he is in charge of a crew
of five. Their work is planned to
promote show continuity and
sparkle.
Rehearsals have been held for
the last few weeks to co-ordinate
the cast and technical crews, to
put together a smoothly running
show, and to make sure that the
Big Game Gaieties will be a well
performed production.
Tonight, an audience will } j ,i vo
its verdict on the efforts of the
Gaieties cast. It's opening night!
