# Adler to Speak On Education
## 
### 
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
Dr. Mortimer Adler, author and
educator-philosopher, will speak to
night at 7:30 in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Adler, controversial campaigner for
"truly liberal education," will speak
on "Education in an Industrial De
mocracy."
He has taught philosophy at the
University of Chicago, was an editor
of the Encyclopedia Britannica 54-
volume set of the Great Books of the
Western World. Since 1952 Adler
has directed the San Fransico In
stitute where he is training a staff
to summarize all the knowledge of
the Western world in one vast work,
which is expected to take 50 years
to complete.
The Tuesday Evening Series
speaker will be introduced by Dr.
John D. Goheen, head of the Stan
ford Philosophy Department. The
lecture will be open to the public
without charge.
