# Artist's Work Shown
## 
### 
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
An exhibit of work by Eric Gill,
contemporary British artist, is on
display at the Library. This is the
first major showing of Gill's artistry
in this country, and it will run
through Dec. 11.
