# Zoology Club Helps U. S. Bureau Gather Data on Local Birds
## 
### 
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
Through the bird-banding com
mittee of the Zoology Club, the
U. S. Biological Survey has been
gathering data on the migration ol
local birds. This work was started
on the campus last quarter, and
since then about 170 birds have
been trapped and banded, quail and
sparrows being the species studied
at present.
For ten years, bird-banding work
has been carried on by the govern
ment biology bureau, the purpose
being the study and tabulation ol
migratory and other habits. The
birds are caught in a trap, and an
aluminum tag of identification at
tached. Then the birds are re
leased.
Ernest Quayle is chairm&n of the
Zoology Club Bird Committee.
