# 'Ikiru' Starts Film Series from Japan
## 
### 
“Ikiru” will open Stanford’s
Revival Film Series of four re
cent Japanese cinemas at two
showings- 4:15 and 7:10 p.m.—on
Thursday, in Cubberley Auditori
um.

The same place and the same
hours will hold for the remaining
films: “Women of the Night,” di
rected by Kenji Mizoguchi, Oct.
11; “The Imposter,” directed by
Tatsuo Osone, Oct. 18; and “The
Human Condition,” directed by
Masaki Kobayashi, Oct. 25. “Iki
ru” was directed by Akira Kuro
sawa.

Tickets, at $1.50 for the entire
series, are on sale at the new
Tresidder Union Ticket Office on
the Stanford campus. The phone
is DA 1-2300, extensions 3317 and
3318. No tickets are available for
single performances.
