# JV's Host Oakland
## 
### 
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
Oakland City College will pro
vide the opposition for the Stan
ford Braves here today at 3:15
p.m. on the freshman diamond.
After today's encounter, the
Braves will have five games re
maining on their 1960 spring
schedule.
