# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
Isolation Hospital: Gail Wiley.
."Men's Rest Home: Robert Bur-i
nett, Leonard Clay, David Cral
ler, Robert Gardner, James Rob
inson.
Palo Alto Hospital: Michael
Brady, Oliver Fox-Pitt, John
Hahn, Bernard Nelson, Mary
Smith, Jack Smock, Mardi Trim
ble.
