# Corrections
## 
### 
Friday's Daily incorrectly re
ported that University President
Donald Kennedy indicated at
Thursday's Faculty Senate meeting
that he is considering opening the
Board of Trustees Committee on the
Hoover Institution to individuals
outside the Board. Rather, Kennedy
said the trustees "decided to stay
within the Board," adding that "ad
hoc committees have a variety of
vvavs to co-opt others to give them

information and advice." The Daily
regrets the error.
Wednesday's Daily incorrectly
said that Cowell Student Health
Center's fitness trailer is currently
open to all Stanford students. The
trailer has been made available only
to residents in the Wilbur dorm
complex this year. The Daily
apologizes for any inconvenience
caused by the error.
