# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is sincerely hoped that the mu
tilation of the buildings and other
propei tv of the University, begun to a
slight extent last year, will not be re
ruined Class spirit, within certain
bounds, is not only permissible but
commendable. No one's loyalty to or
pride for the class of '95, '06 or '07
will excuse l.im for scratching these
numbers in ugly figures on the iine'y
finished wood work of our buildings.
Of course such vandalism is confined to
a very few individuals, and all possible
means should be used to detect, them,
if the bad precedent of last year is
resumed. Let every one who respects
himself arid the University property
make it a self-imposed task to do all he
can to preserve it in as good a state as
it now is Above all, let there be no
trace of the paint brush upon the beau
tiful stone buildings about the quad
rangle.
