# Communication.
## 
### 
The spirit that characterized the
most barbarous and fierce of the north
ern nations that plundered Home, no
torious for destroying the movements of
art and literature, is still alive. The
vandals of our quad., sworn foes to
sense and law, seem to delight in tear
ing down and carrying away the grace
ful tropical plants and flowers that
beautify our court. Such depredations
cannot be tolerated, and we appeal to
the good sense of all connected with
the University to co-operate with us in
keeping the sacred trust placed in our
hands. Tr.e quad., the flowers, the
palms, the bamboo, the silky silvery
white pampas are all ours to preserve
and protect.
The spirit that characterized the
most barbarous and fierce of the north
ern nations that plundered Home, no
torious for destroying the movements of
art and literature, is still alive. The
vandals of our quad., sworn foes to
sense and law, seem to delight in tear
ing down and carrying away the grace
ful tropical plants and flowers that
beautify our court. Such depredations
cannot be tolerated, and we appeal to
the good sense of all connected with
the University to co-operate with us in
keeping the sacred trust placed in our
hands. Tr.e quad., the flowers, the
palms, the bamboo, the silky silvery
white pampas are all ours to preserve
and protect.
