# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
The draft
.. .and other topics
are discussed every
day on this page. And
just think, you too
could engage in debate
on an issue as impor
tant as that. All you
have to do is bring your
opinion, typed and
double-spaced on a 57
character line, to the
Daily opinions office.
Consider this: al
most the entire Stan
ford community at
least glances at the
Daily every day, and if
your column appears on
these pages it can gen
erate untold hours of
debate in dorms, eat
ing clubs or libraries.
If you would like to
express yourself with a
visual viewpoint, just
bring your editorial
cartoon to the same
place, the Daily office.
