# Correction
## 
### 
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
The headline on yesterday's story
concerning the Black American Law
Student Association (BALSA) and the
Black Student Union (BSU) was in
correct. BALSA is not boycotting the
proposed course, "Racial Discrimi
nation and Civil Rights," and the BSU
has not issued an official statement
outlining its position.
