# Dames to Hold Gallery Tour
## 
### 
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
The Fine Arts section of the Stan
ford Dames will hold its linal meet
ing until fall tonight at 8 at the
Stanford Art Gallery. A tour of the
"Far Eastern Sculpture" exhibition
will be conducted by the curator of
the Gallery, Mrs. Robert W. Cross.
Refreshments will be served after
the tour at the home of Mrs. Cross,
541 Salvatierra, Stanford campus.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
Spring Fashion Show in honor oi
the Stanford Faculty Women's Club
on Thursday at 8 p.m. in the upper
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be no charge. All Dames
are invited.
