# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Jean B. Thayer, grad
uate in guidance, to Stephen D.
Myers, Stanford Business School,
winter '43.
