# Psychology Class Trys Experiments With Coins
## 
### 
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
Heads or tails?
Investigations which have been con
cluded in the psychology class of Pro
fessor J. E. Coover would indicate that
the practice of flipping coins is not an
unequal method of deciding debatable
matters.
