# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
Lieutenant C. Cottrell, ex-'lB, who
has been visiting on the campus for
several days, leaves today for Texas,
where he will receive further orders,
and expects to leave for France
shortly.
