# OLYMPIC PUGILISTS WIN FROM CARDINALS IN DISPUTED BOUTS
## Stanford Gets Two Matches As Dorman and Burch Defeat Clubmen 
### 
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
In a contest replete with uneven
matches and poor decisions, Coach
Harry Maloney's varsity boxing squad
met the Olympic Club battlers lasi
Friday night at the club gymnasium.
Although the varsity team was award
ed only two decisions, and u forfeit,
the concensus ol' opinion was that the
Stanford men were better in two more
matches.
The most notable of the unfair de
cisions was against Captain Carlos
Miron. In his bout with Joe Bernal, a
17-year-old high school boy who holds
tlie Far Western A.A.IT. championship,
Miron's scientific attnek should have
given him the first and third rounds.
The gallery, composed of club men,
loudly razzed Menial's decision.
Fighting Mallory, who outweighed
him by 35 pounds, Richard Dorman of
Stanford took his three rounds
straight. When the judges called a
fourth round he was too exhausted to
further punish his rugged opponent.
The referee raised the arm of the club
man as victor. Fans expressed dis
satisfaction with this verdict also.
Tom Treanor and Newton Ridley
dropped their matches to A. Landueci
and G. Malley, respectively. Norman
Fain's opponent failed to appear, and
the bout was forfeited to Stanford.
1930
