# Stanford Will Uphold Negative.
## 
### 
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
Stanford will uphold the negative
side of the question which the Uni
versity of California submitted two
weeks ago, as the subject for the
intercollegiate debate liext month,
and which reads as follows: "Re
solved, That labor unions are justi
fied in insisting, through all law
ful means at their disposal, on the
closed shop." This was decided up
on late yesterday afternoon 'at a
meeting of the University Debating
Club, to which the power of select
ing the Stanford side of the ques
tion has been delegated by the Ex
ecutive Committee. The members of
the club have occupied the past two
weeks in thoroughly studying every
phase of the question, and the final
decision was only reached after con
siderable discussion. California has
been notified by telegram of the se
lection.
