# Sailors Will Stop at Stanford.
## 
### 
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
According to reports in the San
Francisco papers, the committee on
sightseeing for the sailors of th'e
fleet will have an excursion stop at
Stanford. The committee states that
they were asked by Stanford to have
the men stop here long enough to
witness some athletic sports, but
they could not promise this.
