# MAY SECURE MILITARY BAND.
## Junior Prom. Committee Is Urging That Tickets Be Bought Immediately. 
### 
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
A military band will be secured by
the Junior Prom, committee if the
sale of tickets in the next few days
warrants the expenditure of the mon
ey. The cost of having ten pieces
would be only slightly larger than
having an orchestra, the increase be
ing due to the fact that a band would
have to be brought from the San
Francisco Presidio, while an orches
tra could be hired in San Jose. A
military band would add an attract
ive feature to the Prom, and the com
mittee is urging all those who con
template buying tickets to do so im
mediately, in order that the decision
may be made.
The Prom, committee has awarded
the prize of Ave dollars for the best
design for a program to M. J. Hel
mick, '09. Helmick lias used an idea
that is entirely new for a Prom, pro
gram. The drawing will be repro
duced in two colors on a colored
card.
