# Stern Signups To End Today
## 
### 
Men who applied for rooms in
Toyon Hall only for next fall and
who arc not in eating clubs may
sign up on the Stern list today.
Freshmen may change their appli
cations in Mrs. Sumner's office, and
Village and off-campus men at the
Housing office, Temporary Building
B-23.
Stern applications are being re
opened because a larger number of
freshmen will be placed in Toyon
next fall, leaving fewer spaces for
others. Those names added to the
Stern list today from Village and
off - campus men will have equal
priority with those who signed up
earlier, and will be placed accord
ing to the number of quarters they
have lived off campus or in the Vil
lage.
Freshmen and non - eating club
members now living in Toyon will
not be forccd to move unless abso
lutely necessary.
