# KOREAN ELECTIONS
## 
### 
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
SEOUL, Thursday, June 1 C/t*)—
Independents became the power in
South Korea's National Assembly
today with returns from Tuesday's
election.
