# THIRTY-NINE WOMEN TO ENTER IN JANUARY
## 
### 
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
Thirty-nine new women students will
enter Stanford at the opening of the
winter quarter. This is the largest num
ber to he admitted to the University
during the January registration, for sev
eral years. The fact that a larger num
ber of women than usual are graduating
at the end of the present quarter makes
possible the admittance of so many new
students in January.
