# NEVADA PAPER GIVES ITS ALL-PACIFIC SELECTIONS
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA, Reno,
Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.) —'The Sagebrush
presents its choice for an All-Pacific
football team: Center, Latham (Califor
nia) ; guards, Wilkie (Pacific Fleet)
and Cramer (California); tackles, Mc-
Millan (California) and Boyle (South
ern California) ; ends, Muller (Califor
nia) and Martin (Nevada) ; quarter
back, Bradshaw (Nevada) ; halves, Nich
ols and Toomey (California) ; full
back, Ingram (Pacific Fleet).
