# "NO SUNDAY NIGHT DATES" IS SENTIMENT AT OREGON
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON. Eu
gene, Dec. 7 (P. I. N. S.)—Women at
the University of Oregon have been re
quested not to make any engagements
for Sunday nights by the heads of the
houses, who declared themselves in fa
vor of elimination of the Sunday night
date at a recent meeting. No official
action has been taken by the dean of
women but it is thought that this may
be a tradition in the making.
