# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
Tau Beta Pi
In the announcement
of Tau Beta Pi members
which appeared in
Wednesday's Daily, one
member's name was mis
spelled. Charles Chieh-li
Lee is a member of Tau
Beta Pi.
