# Appoint New Prof
## 
### 
Albert E. Dien, former associ
ate professor of Chinese at Stan
ford will return to Stanford next
fall. He has most recently been
on the faculty of Columbia Uni
versity.
Prof. Dien was the first di
rector of the Stanford Center for
Chinese Studies in Taipei, For
mosa. In 1963 the center became
a ten - university cooperative
managed by Stanford and Dien
continued as director until he
left for Columbia.
Prof. Dien received his doc
torate at the University of Cali
fornia at Berkeley and has serv
ed on the faculty of the Uni
versity of Hawaii.
He is a specialist in historical
linguistics and early Chinese
prose. Prior to his return to full
time teaching, Prof. Dien will be
on sabbatical leave for the aca
demic year 1968-69.
