# Civil Rights Expert To Speak Tonight
## 
### 
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
Dr. Charles V. Hamilton,
Chairman of the Roosevelt Uni
versity Political Science Depart
ment and co-author with Stoke
lay Carmichael of Black Power,
will speak at Tresidder tonight
at 7:30 under the sponsorship of
IFC and ASSU.
Dr. Hamilton has been active
in civil rights organizations in
Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, and
Pennsylvania. His numerous ar
ticles include analysis of Negro
youth and suggested political so
lutions for race and morality.
He has written two books on
Civil Rights which are sched
uled to appear this year. Negro

Politics and Political Moderniza
tion will be published by Pren
tice-Hall, and the Politics of Civ
il Rights is to be released by
Random House.
Dr. Hamilton received his B.A.
from Roosevelt University and a
J.D. from Loyola University
School of Law. He received his
M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the
University of Chicago.
The recipient of the Christian
R. and Mary Lindback Award
for Distinguished Teaching at
Lincoln University, Dr. Hamil
ton has also taught at Rutgers
University, Tuskegee Institute,
Albany State College, and Miles
College.
