# Speakers' Bureau To Add Members
## 
### 
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
Winter quarter's roster for the
Slanford Speakers' Bureau is being
drawn up now, and any student in
terested in appearing on the bureau
should see Mr, D. P, MeKnlvey to
morrow from .'! tn 4 o'clock or next
Monday, Dee. 4, from 3 to 5 o'clock,
in 203 D, it was announced yesterday.
With the growing demand for
j Stanford speakers at outside clubs,
1 schools and churches, new speakers
j and topics are needed. Students are
I allowed University credit for this
activity.
