# 'SIMON BOLIVAR' SINKS TO BOTTOM
## 
### 

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.

THK DUTCH LINER. Simon Bolivar, shown partly submerged in the North Sea, after striking a mine aboul
2(1 miles off the east English coast, opposite Harwich. About 100 lives were lost, including women and
children.
