# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## JERRY MAYER, Sports Editor WHEN SPARTANS WALLOPED FRESNO 
### 

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.

JOHNNY ALLEN. San Jose State end, throws a lateral to Ken Cook, Spartan guard as he is hit by Fresno
Tackier Bob Peterson, in last Thursday's game. San Jose smothered the Bulldogs, -12-7, and remained one
of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the nation as well as the highest scoring outfit.
