# CHURCH SERVICE
## 
### 
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
A service of prayers is held daily
in the Memorial Church from 11:55
a.m. to 12:05.
