# CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
## 
### 
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
The Christian Science Organiza- j
tion will meet tonight at 7:15 in the
Faculty Men's Clubhouse. Cars will
leave the Po.»t Oflicc at 7:0.1 p.m.
