# Art Gallery Has Variety of Exhibits
## 
### 
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
A loan exhibit of "T'ang and Sung
Ceramic Aits" is the newest exhibit
at th. Stanford Art Gallery. The
display ol Chinese porcelain bowls
and glazed pottery figures is 1,000
years old and worth more than
$100,000.
Tius ceramic art represents one of
China's foremost contributions to
Western civilization. The items will

remain on display through the
Christmas holidays.
"Domestic Art in Mass Produc
tion," including furniture, utensils,
and textiles, and lithographs by
Chariot will remain on display
through Sunday. "Architecture by
Architects of This Region," includ
ing small-scale models and photo
graphs, as well as etchings and

small bronze figures of animals |
done by Elizabeth Norton, Palo Alto
artist, will go on display Tuesday, j
The "Classical Greece" exhibit |
will also close Sunday. A display j
on Rome, fourth in the History of |
Western Civilization Series, will
open Tuesday.
Gallery hours are 10 to 5, Tuesday
through Saturday, and noon to 4 on
Sunday. I
