# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
Transform your dress or
suit into something new
and lovely by the addi
tion of one of these new
collars, vestees or sets.
Priced $1.00 to
$3.50
e
M/alsterk
355 University Ave.
