# Vienna Choir Boys Sing in Sunday Movie
## 
### 
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
Set in the Swiss Alps with the
Vienna Choir Boys singing Handel,
Mozart, Schubert, and Strauss, ac
companied by the Vienna Philhar
monic, and including a celebration
of high mass, "An Orphan Boy of
Vienna" shows on the Ham Howard
Hits Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
Proceeds will go to the March of
Dimes.

One old flatiron will provide
enough scrap iron to make four
hand grenades.
