# Hahn Tournament Opens This Week
## 
### 
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
Tennis for the Stanford players
who are out. for the fun of the game,
ignoring the glory of varsity com
petition either by choice or experi
ence, comes to the Farm sports spot
light this week with the opening of
the 1942 Hahn Tennis Tournament.
Herbert Hahn was a Stanford ten
player in 1925, '26. '27 swept all
competition three years in a row to
win the then-functioning all-school
tournament.
Although his victories entitled him
to perpetual ownership of the tro
phy, three years later he returned it
to Stanford with the provision that
it become a trophy for a similar nov
ice tourney.
Drawing a record entrance of GO
players this year, the Hahn tourna
ament finds Farm tennists again
fighting for Herbert Hahn's trophy.
The 1941 title is held by Terry
Mullin.
