# Farm Film Bill To Star Benny
## 
### 
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
hi Memorial Hall (not the Educa
tion Auditorium as yesterday an
nounced) Jack Benny Sunday night
will grace the biweekly series of
Ham Howard Hits in "Trans-At
lantic Merry-Go-Round."
Mr. Benny, assisted by a bevy of
radio and musicomedy personali
ties, including Gene Raymond,
Mitzi Green, and Nancy Carroll,
proceeds in "Trans-Atlantic" lo
concoct a hodgepodge of jazz and
nonsense aboard an ocean liner.
The Princeton Film Center in
co-operation with the government
has produced "Know Your Enemy
—Japan,"
