# Stanford at USF
## 
### 
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
TODAY — 2:30 p.m. start at USF
RECORDS - Stanford (19 9, 4-3
and 2nd in Pac-10 play), USF
(6-23, 4-15 in the West Coast
Conference).
INJURIES — Stanford center
fielder Jeffrey Hammonds is
still nursing a pulled hamstring
and may not play
