# Computer Snag Delays Senate Election Results
## 
### 
The latest in a series of snafus has
delayed release of results from last
week's ASSU Senate elections until
tomorrow.
The results were to have been
released to the press yesterday
afternoon by Election Commissioner
Alice Furumoto.
Furumoto blamed a problem in the
programming of the computers that are
supposed to tally the votes.
The election to choose 30 of the 40
Senate seats was originally scheduled
for Thursday and Friday, October 21
and 22.
However, massive confusion at the
polls Thursday caused Furumoto to
delay the elections until October 26.
Furumoto, contacted last night, said
she had been "working five hours
already tonight trying to get things
straightened out."
Results on the two fee assessment
votes were released last week. Both
were voted down.
