# Tau Beta Pi Holds Slide Rule Course
## 
### 
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
A short cour.sc in slide rule oper
ation sponsored by Tau Beta Pi,
honorary engineering fraternity,
will start at 7:.'50 tonight in Room
273, Engineering corner.
Tonight's session will discuss
multiplication and division and in
verse and folded scales. Those in
terested should bring their own
slide rules.
The schedule for the rest of the
series is: Feb. 18. square and cube
roots and trig scales; Feb. 23, pow
ers, rooks, olid log scales.
Students may attend any or all of
the lectures.
