# DEAN SPEAKER
## 
### 
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
Everett Dean, present Indian
baseball coach and former basket
ball coach, was a guest speaker at
the meeting Monday night of the
Northern California Basketball
Coaches' and Officials' Association
held at San Francisco City College.
A feature of the evening was the
showing of films of the 1952 Olym
pic Games.
