# DESPERADO ARRESTED
## 
### 
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
LANCASTER, Cal., Feb. 10 (UP)
—Joseph J. Brletic, 25, made the
FBl's elite list of "10 most wanted
fugitives" yesterday and today he
was arrested.
