# Draft Test Forms
## 
### 
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
Application forms for the April
Selective Service College
Qualification test will he avail
aMe today al the office of I lie
Chief Counselor for Men, Koom
100, Inner ()u;ul
Successful completion of the
(est is a requisite for students
planning to continue their en
rollment under the Selective
Service Deferment Program. Ap
plications for the April 23 test
must he postmarked before mid
night Monday. March 0.
