# INSIDE
## 
### 
Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

Here Comes Those Tears
Men's soccer drops one
against Washington and ties
Oregon State.
See Sports, page 6

Lives in the Balance
President Bush, expressing
regrets, vetoes major civil
rights legislation.
See World & Nation, page 3

World in Motion
A new book chronicles the
destruction of the Amazon
rain forests.
See Books, page 6

