# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
(Charter!*? cmse
Young men increasingly
prefer Charter House
clothes. They know they
will get the best in style
. . . the newest in color
and pattern . . . and the
most in value.
CHARTER HOUSE
SUITS
*39
Two pairs of trousers
Oisieisxs
I. wiiajHTOaeiaii^
PALO ALTO
