# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.

MOOFIE FARIS deftly disguises Paul Hostetler with crepe hair and
plastics to olay the role of Colonel House in Ti">»« to Cenvv" while
Professor Wheeler looks on. Miss Faris is assisting Mary Lou Lindsley,
in charge of make-up and costuming.
