# Untitled Article
## 
### 

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.

A REPORT from North Africa
asserts that the French royalists
were implicated in the assassina
tion of A dm. Jean Darlan, on
Christmas Eve, and that an at
tempt has been made to set up the
youthful Count de Paris, above,
pretender to the French throne,
as the monarch of French Africa.
