# SUN. MOVIE
## Series Stars Vienna Choir 
### 
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
The Vienna Choir Boys, accom
panied by the Vienna Philharmonic,
will grace the third of the Winter
Quarter series of Ham Howard Hits,
in "An Orphan Boy of Vienna."
Proceeds from this showing Sun
day, which is as usual in Memorial
Hall at 7:15, will go to the March
of Dimes fund.
Also playing will be chapter three
of "The Clutching Hand," and a
comic. Admission remains at its
pre-war price of 20 cents.
