# LaFollette Club Flying Squadron to Arrive Here
## 
### 
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
The LaFollette and Wheeler"* Auto
Flying Squadron—women's division, is
headed for Palo Alto. They \fcill ar
rive at 2:30 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 16, and give open air addresses on
the Circle.
The list of speakers includes Helen
Todd, of New York City, well-known
suffffrage leader; John I). Barry, au
thor and lecturer; Judge Jackson H.
Ralston, authority on constitutional
questions and international law, now
living in Palo Alto; Mrs. Fremont
Older, and others.
