# TRYOUTS TO BE HELD FOR SCHUBERT CLUB
## 
### 
Schubert Club will hold tryouts for
new members again this evening in
the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'clock.
The Club is desirous of having many
new members, particularly among the
freshman women.
Mrs. Warren D. Allen is to direct
the Club this year. She has had much
experience in directing choruses and
likes glee club work. She has done
musical work at the State Teachers
College at San Jose, the summer ses
sion of the University of California,
and for one year at the lowa State
Teachers College before coming to
California to live. Consequently she
is fully equipped to make Schubert
into a very vital organization, pro
vided the women give her the oppor
tunity by giving her the necessary
voices.
