# Gaieties Trials End Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight is the last night of the
Big Game Gaieties tryouts. Stu
dents who possess any kind of the
atrical talent arc urged to attend
the tryouts from 7 to 10 p.m. in the
Ram's Head room of Memorial An
ditorium.
Ability in singing, acting, danc
ing, writing, composing, and in var
ious administrative and technical
phases of show business are all
needed.
In addition to selecting a caÂ».t,
Gaieties tryouts this year will cre
ate a talent file of the Stanford
campus which will he used to* pro
vide entertainment for university
functions.
A highlight of Bin Game Week,
Gaieties are a program of songs,
dances, and skits presented the
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
before the Big Game.
