# Adv. 57 Page 15
## 
### 
WANTED
BOXING, SPARRING PARTNER sought
for elderly 60ish gentleman. No
experience nee Will tram 964-2100
EXPERIENCED SAT (MATH) TUTOR
WANTED 525/ hour. Tutee on
Stanford Campus. Call 329-9363
WANTED-DONORS
Be An Angel & Donate Eggs.
21-30, Responsible, & Healthy.
Generous Compensation. Call
FFC 800-939-6886 _
Chinese-American and
Korean-American Women
Oops, too much school!! Don't
let this happen to you! After I
finished med school I could no
longer have children. Fertility
declines drastically at 35. Now
my husband and I seek a caring
woman of Chinese or Korean
descent to help us have a child
by donating her eggs. Must be
healthy and under 30 years old.
Will pay 55,000 and our eternal
gratitude. Can you help us?
Please contact our agency Toll
Free at 877-761-6355
