# Fenton Discusses Guidance Clinics
## 
### 
Cliild Guidance Clinics represent
only a partial solution to the prob
lems of juvenile delinquency, ac
cording to Norman Fcnton, professor
of education, who spoke last night
on the weekly Stanford Hour over
KGO at 9:45 o'clock.
Although clinics have proven more
effective than individual workers
who previously attempted the work,
he believes they have not been com
pletely successful because they can
neither change the environment nor
insure the carrying out of recom
mendations in individual cases. To
help overcome these sources of
failure, more than 400 Co-ordinating
Councils have been organized in 20
slates, he said.
The work of these bodies has re
sulted not'only in a reduction of
court hearings and decreased insti
tutional commitments, but also in a
great mutual understanding between
community organizations. This also
eliminates the confusion of conflict
ing remedies offered by various
agencies, Fenton explained.
