# ALLIED SUBS REPORTED IN ACTION
## 
### 

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.

TIIE WORLD'S LARGEST undersea craft, the French submarine Surcouf, was recently reported to have
captured a German merchant ship in the Atlantic. Below is the British submarine Sterlet. France has !IH
subs, England T,\.
