# Indian Foilsmen To Meet Winged-O
## 
### 
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
Stanford foilsmen will clash with
the Olympic Club fencing squad to
night in the gym at 8 o'clock. The
Olympics have two former Stanford
men on their squad, A1 Snyder and
Louis Lataillade. Snyder won the
Pacific Coast amateur fencing title
two years ago, and both men have
been active in fencing since they
left the Farm,
