# Oregon Fullback Ready for Ucla
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 25 (UP).—
The University of Oregon football
team drove through a strenuous
three-hour drill in the mud today,
sat through a lengthy chalk-talk
tonight, and then prepared to leave
for Los Angeles where they meet
U.C.L.A. in a "make or break" foot
ball game Saturday.
Coach Tex Oliver said Marshall
Stenstrom, fullback, would be in
shape for the Bruins. Stenstrom was
slightly injured last Saturday.
