# SIERRA CLUB PICTURES
## 
### 
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
Pictures of the high Sierras taken
on a last summer's hiking trip will
be displayed by the Loma Prietta
Chapter of the Sierra Club, a Cali
fornia outing group, Thursday and
Friday nights in the Palo Alto Pub
lic Library. The public is invited.
