# S.P.U. Favors Isolation Plan
## Oliver Wyman Elected President of Union 
### 
By a majority of over two-thirds
of the votes, the Stanford Political
Union at their first regular meeting
held last night defeated the resolu
tion that America should go to the
aid of France and England in the
case of their threatened dissolution
at the hands of Germany.
In a spirited, somewhat disorderly
meeting, the union members talked
around the subject, entering into
many sides of it, but decided by a
vote of 40 to 18 that America should
stay out, no matter what the price.
OFFICERS ELECTED
In the general election held before
the forum, Oliver Wyman was
elected president for the coming
year. Irma Celventra was chosen
vice-president, Mary Maud Mitchell
secretary, Maurice Knox treasurer,
and Bob Beckham sergeant-at-arms,
the last two by unanimous consent.
In the open debate, the conserva
tive party held to a strictly isola
tionist, point of view, maintaining
that for America's own benefit she
should stay out of war completely,
in an economic as well as a military
way.
The liberal party declared that in
the interests of humanitarianism,
America should go to war if it ap
peared that either side were to be
completely destroyed by the war.
LABORITES ARGUE
The labor party brought down the
house with its argument that the
best course for America to follow
would be impartial mediation.
America should, therefore, stay
completely out of war, said the la
borites, for now victor is impartial.
