# Stanford Boxers To Meet Bruins
## 
### 
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
Next, contest for Coach Clayton
Frye's boxers is scheduled for the
night of February 18, when they meet
the U.C.L.A. team in the Pavilion.
Officials of the San rYancisco Fair
have not yet registered a complaint
that this date will conflict with the
opening night of their exposition.
The team is expected to be at full
strength for the encounter with the
Westwood .men. Hal Saunders, out
of the Cal Aggies meet with an in
jured thumb, will be back in shape
before the 18th, and Herb Gunn,
who made an excellent showing
against coast champion Youdall in
last week's battle after a long lay
off, should be in top form for the
U.C.L.A. meet.

For $32, a tourist can have the
Acropolis in Athens privately illumi
nated by great floodlights for two
hours.
