# SENIORS MUST PLACE CAP AND GOWN ORDERS
## 
### 
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
Orders for seni6r~caps~and gowns
should be placed at the Book Store
immediately, according to A1 Taylor,
president of the Senior Class. Senior
dues are payable at the office of the
Alumni Secretary.
