# MONEY KINGS FACE SENATE GRILLING
## 
### 
The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






The Senate yesterday continued its searching inquiry into the affairs of the banking firm of J. F. Morgan
& Co. Below are shown (top row, left to right): J. P. Morgan, head of the Morgan firm, who has already
faced questioning; and Otto Kahn, of Kahn, Loeb, & Co., and Clarence Dillon, partner in Dillon, Reed. &
Co., who may be subpoenaed shortly as witnesses. Lower row, left to right: John W. Davis, defense
counsel; Senators James Couzcns and Carter Glass, members of the Senate's investigating committees.






