# Committee To Discuss Campus Problems Today
## 
### 
Current campus problems will be
discussed at. a Student Committee
meeting today when the adminis
tration's point of view on various
projects which the committee had
proposed in their yearly report to
tin president will be considered.
The committee will meet with Pres
ident Ray Lyman Wilbur early next
week.
Campus problems which were in
eluded were the securing* of more
and better lecturers for student as
semblies, the correction of the mis
ti ke of students majoring in eco
nomics for business training, and
rooming facilities for junior trans
fers.
Members of the Student Commit
tee are Fred Addicott, Sam Brad
shaw, Mort Fuller, Phil Kennedy,
Bill Morse, Bill Saufley, Van Van
dcrmast, and Frank Lloyd, chair
man.
