# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
II
mM
••it" *>•
dm
TRY—our T-Burgers for
summer sustenance
—our bowling lanes
to relax study
tension
—our store for
novelties and the
necessities of
life
TRESIDDER
Community Center of the
Campus
