# Vines Nosed Out in Golf Tourney
## 
### 
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
PASADENA, Nov. 11 (U.R).—With
Ellsworth Vines finally nosed out,
the Pasadena city golf champion
ships moved into the semi - final
round today.
Vines, world's professional tennis
champion, whose links prowess has
surprised the golf world, lost to Jim
McHale, San Gabriel, California,
veteran, 1 up yesterday after turn
ing in a 67, four under par, to' de
feat Bill Eager of Atlanta, Georgia.
McHale met J. C. Fields, Sunset
Fields, and defending champion Pat
Abbott met C. P. Erdman, Annan -
dale, today.

According to computations, 1355
pounds of food are consumed during
one year by each adult in the United
States.
