# B.A.C. Considers Intramural Field
## 
### 
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
Consideration of a $1250 expendi
ture for an intramural athletic field
will be on the Board of Athletic
Control's docket at a meeting to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the Men's
Physical Education building.
The proposed field would contain
three football or baseball fields in
the area south of the stadium. Clear
ing, laying out, and grading the
fields would cost the estimated
amount. Installation of a water sys
tem needed to maintain turf in the
area will also be considered.
Originally scheduled for Novem
ber 3, the meeting was postponed
last week because of the death of
Richard Barrett, chairman of the
Board.

Meyer Franklin made a 164-yard
hole-in-one when only 9 years old.
