# JOURNAL CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
Russel H. Varian, research asso
ciate in physics, spoke at the regu
lar meeting of the Journal Club
yesterday afternoon. He talked on
"Various Ideas Concerned with the
Generation and Use of Short Waves."
