# Ferry Competition Elimination Sought
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11 (UP).
—Complete investigation of the plan
to eliminate auto ferry competition
to the San Francisco-Oakland Bay
Bridge will be undertaken tomor
row before the California Railroad
Coif) mission.
George H. Harlan, attorney for the
Golden Gate Bridge District, said he
will ask the study because he fears
the proposed deal will not eliminate
the bridge's Sausalito competition.
