# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
The twenty-three big football games
between Stanford and California have
ranged in attendance from 6,000 to
21,000, with 298,750 for ihe aggregate
crowd and $602,000 for the total gate
receipts. The score stands: ties, 5;
Stanford, 11 victories, 20S points;
California, 7 victories, 206 points.
