# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
Kentucky's baseball team went on
strike recently because the faculty
cut down on the schedule.
