# JUNIOR OPERA MUSIC SALE JUSTIFIES SECOND EDITION
## 
### 
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
A second edition of the music score
of "The College Prince," the 1915
opera by M. A. Hagen, '15, and M.
Blumenthal, 'Hi, lias been published
and placed on sale at Ibe Bookstore.
The first edition sold out soon after
the evening of the performance, March
2G. A heavy Palo Alto sale for the
book is recorded.
Numerous copies will be sent to
eastern universities, many of which
do not present original undergraduate
operas.
