# Many Guests Entertained At Resident Alumnae Tea
## 
### 
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
Mrs. Ernest Whitney Martin and Miss
Lenore Holcombe entertained groups of
their friends at the Resident Alumnae
Tea, held in the Women's Clubhouse
yesterday afternoon from 4to 6. Host
esses for the day were Mrs. M. S. Wild
man, Mrs. C. L. Alsberg, Mrs. Joseph
Davis, Mrs. W. G. Beach, Mrs. J. B.
Canning, Mrs. Elliot Mears, Mrs. Wil
fred Eldred, Mrs. Elliot Jones, and Mrs.
A. C. Whitaker.
