# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
Witler Bynner, poet and dramatist,
will speak Saturday on the campus,
as the guest of Professor W. H. Car
ruth.
