# Symphony Orchestra Will Give Concert on Tuesday
## 
### 
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
Palo Alto Symphony Orchestra, a
musical organization of local talent,
will render its annual spring concert,
Tuesday evening, March 13, in the
Little Theater. As this is one of the
series of Tuesday evening entertain
ments, no admission will be charged.
Among the numbers which will be in
cluded in the program are selections
by Mozart, Beethoven, Grieg and
Schumann.
At the close of the concert, the Palo
Alto Orchestra will unite with the
Stanford Hand in rendering the "Star
Spangled Banner," thus uniting an
unusually large number of pieces in
the playing of this selection.
