# Dr. Turpin And Patient
## 
### 

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.

Dr. James Turpin, head of Project Concern, is shown treating an
elderly Chinese patient on board the "Yctuh Oi" (Brotherly
Love), one of the project's three clinics in Hong Kong.
