# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that todav will he the
final day to sign up for intramural
wrestling. Weigh-ins are schetl-
Ilie first matches to he held Mon
day afternoon.
