# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Phyllis Audrain, 's'i,
o Kobert Y. Scapple, IvI.S. '47 and
Engineer, '50.
