# WAAC Will Hold Interviews Today
## 
### 
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
Major Hirsch will be at Miss
Brown's office in Building 100 on
Inner Quad from I) to J 2 today to
interview women interested in the
WAAC officer training program.
Girls from 21 to 27 will be ac
cepted in the program, but Majoi
Hirsch would also like to see young
er gills who are interested, lie
pointed out that there are many
opportunities now available in the
program.
