# WINNERS, AND STILL CHAMPS
## 
### 
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
Village 30G won the intramural
bowling yesterday by defeating
Kappa Sig, 1.305-1,200. The win
ners were led by Chuck Stark, who
bowled successive games of 180 and
202. High for the Kappa Sigs was
Keith Beckman, who scored 174 and
17G. Other members of the Village
crew were Dwight Welles, Bob
Graham, and John Hopkins, It was
the second quarter in a row that
the Villagers have copped the
crown.
