# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
Credit Transfers
Due Immediately!
The Registrar's Office cor
dially invites all students
who have any intention of
transferring credits this quar
ter to file their petitions by
this afternoon. Failure to do
so will result in untold mis
ery and the loss of credit.
