# Rain Causes Hitch in Babe Baseball Program
## 
### 
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
The li4avy rain of the last two days
has caufeed a dead stop in the activi
ties of the 1926 baseball team, which
should have opened the season yester
day with Mountain View High Sihool.
This game has been indefinitely post
poned, as have others scheduled to
take place within the next week. The
diamond is now navigable only for
motorboats.
