# Dr. Jordan Will Talk In Washington at Baird Centenary Anniversary
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
Dr. Jordan will give the Baird Cen
tenary address at the Smithsonian In
stitute in Washington, honor of the
birth on February 3, 1823, of Spencer
Fullerton Baird, famous American na
turalist. Baird for many years was sec
retary of the Smithsonian Institute
and founder of many of the scientific
departments at Washington.
Dr. Jordan met Baird for the first
time in 1877, becoming associated with
him in some scientific work.
Dr. Jordan in his autobiography just
published speaks of Baird as the
"grandfather of us all" because of the
sympathetic aid he gave to all young
naturalists. "His influence on Amer
ican systematic zoology exerted in the
direction of frank exactness," Dr. Jor
dan writes in his "Days of a Man,"
"was predominant and lasting, so that
writers in both America and Europe
spoke of the 'Baird School of Natur
alist^':"
