# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
Of every 1,000 soldiers in the Army
Air Forces, 50 per cent are airplane
armorers and 12 are sheet-metal
workers.
