# Patterson Leaves College.
## 
### 
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
P. W. Patterson, '17, wlio has heen
playing substitute in the Varsity hack
field. has left college to take charge
of his father's ranch near Salem, Ore
gon.
