# Dulles Says U.S. Plans No Disarmament Now
## 
### 
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
MlAMl—Secretary *of State John
Foster Dulles told the American Le
gion today this nation will meet
Soviet Russia's "friendly new look"
with the "power we need to deter
aggression" and the "moral princi
ples" to build a lasting peace.
He departed at 3 p.m. EST aboard
the presidential plane "Columbine"
on a flight to Denver, where Presi
dent Eisenhower is recuperating
from a heart attack.
