# ROW OF HAWTHORNS WILL SERVE AS 1914 MEMORIAL
## Seniors to Plant Line of Trees Connecting Engineering and Geology Corners. 
### 
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
A stately row of cardinal blossomed
hawthorn trees connecting the Engi
neering and Geology corners will
stand in the future as a living mem
orial of the class of 1914. The idea
was conceived by Timothy Hopkins,
chairman of the Stanford Board of
Trustees, as an alternative to plant
ing a big tree near the Memorial
Church.
The custom of planting ivy at Palo
Alto has been discontinued, and this
new practice is welcomed as being cf
more practical value, while at the
same time perpetuating the original
sentiment. The exercises will be held
Sunday afternoon. May 17, at 3:30
o'clock. The graduating class as a
whole will turn out in force while
the trees are being planted.
Miss Dorothy Gunnell has been
chosen to dedicate the gift in her
role as Class Poet. A small plate
will be laid near the head of the row
of trees telling of the circumstances
of the event.
The affair will be handled by R. R.
Blase, L. M. Bussert, H. H. Wagner.
W. W. Glass, and F. E. Franceschi,
chairman.
