# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
Henry Breck, '14, was elected captain
of the California tennis team for
next year.
