# German Honor Society To Picnic at Searsville
## 
### 
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
Members of the German Honor
Society will picnic at Searsville,
Sunday. Those wishing to go are
asked to meet at the Women's Club
house at I o'clock, bringing their
own lunch and bathing suits.
Coffee will be served at supper,
which will be at 5 o'clock. Songs
around the bonfire in the evening
will close the day.
