# COE NAMED CAPTAIN
## 
### 
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
Dick Coe, the fighting little Bear
hurdler, has been elected to captain j
his team for the 1935 track season. |
After a year at junior college he
transferred to Cal and has run highs ;
and lows for the past two seasons.
