# NATIONAL LEAGUE
## 
### 
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 9 0
Cincinnati 2 8 0
New York 11 15 0
Philadelphia 7 8 1
Boston 5 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8 1
Pittsburgh 5 9 1
St. Louis 4 7 1
Roble diet tables now accommo
date 32 reducing members of the
"800."
