# Anderson Will Speak At Philologists' Meet Today
## 
### 
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
The University Philological Asso
ciation will hold its regular monthly
meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4: Hi
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Frederick Anderson will
speak on "Chaos and Cosmos in
Grammar," and Professor William
Hawley Davis will discuss "Human
Experience as Mirrored in Everyday
Figurative Speech."'
Anybody interested is invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
