# CHAN TO SPEAK SUNDAY
## 
### 
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
Dr. Shau W. Chan will speak on
"Sino-American Relations" at a
meeting of the Wesley Club Sunday
afternoon at 4 in the Men's Faculty
Clubhouse. The meeting will be open
to all campus.
