# EXCOM MEETS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
Constitutions of several studont
organizations will be brought up
before Excom for approval when it
meets at 7:r»0 tonight in the Excom
room of the Old Union.
