# LAW GRADS GET DAILY
## 
### 
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
Approximately 2,700 issues of to
day's Daily have been mailed to
Law School graduates throughout
the country, to inform them of the
purpose and plans of the new Law
School.
