# Kennedy Tells Excom Policy
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy
yesterday replied to the Campus
Opinion printed in yesterday's Daily
regarding the decision of Excom on
the Student Committee for World
Federation. Excom decided that the
student group could continue to op
erate as long as it did not join the
national group.
Kennedy said that Excom voted
unanimously that it did not feel that
it v/as right for them to sponsor a
group of this type affiliated with a
national political organization. He
stressed the point that individuals
were free to join the National Com
mittee, but that the group as a
whole would have to remain local.
Realizing the educational aspect
of the committee, Kennedy said that
any members who joined the na
tional group could bring back any
ideas to the campus and use the
national committee's information to
further educate and enlighten Stan
ford students> Kennedy said that
there were different types of policy
to be considered regarding the AVC
and the World Federation group.
