# TUT-TUT!
## 
### 
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
Beer is being served at Dart
mouth—cold, bottled beer at the
college taproom. Women are ex
cluded.
