# TOO MANY CRUSADES
## 
### 
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
BUFFALO', N. Y„ May 21 (UP).—
A crusader jeep, usd to publicize
the American Cancer Society Fund
drive here, had been parked daily
for several weeks at one of this
city's busiest downtown street in
tersections.
Today, there was a police parking
tag on the jeep's windshield—the
result of another crusade. A vigi
lant traffic patrolman decided the
jeep was parked too close to the
crosswalk,
