# EDUCATORS VISIT CAMPUS
## 
### 
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
Dr. H. B. Ward, secretary of the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, and Dr. L. Dudley
Stamp, of the London School of Eco
nomics, who delivered the annual Mai
ben lecture at the Berkeley meeting of
the association, were visitors to the
Stanford campus last Friday. They in
spected the Hoover War Library, at
tended the Pro Arte concert, and in
spected other departments of the Uni
versity, Dr. Stamp was an overnight
guest of Professor Eliot G. Mears.
