# FRENCH TABLES BEGIN
## 
### 
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
The first French table of the quarter
will be held tomorrow at 12:10 in the
Union Alcove. The Romanic Language
department invites all members of the
University to attend these weekly group
meetings which afford those interested
in French a chance to get together with
students and faculty members for
luncheon and convex-sation. The meet
ing place is in the main lobby of the
Union. The luncheon costs forty cents.
Jack Tidball of the University of Cal
ifornia at Los Angeles defeated Gene
Mako of the University of Southern
California in the all-Western finals of
the Eastern Intercollegiate tennis tour
nament yesterday. After a long match
Tidball finally won by scores of 1-6,
6-0, 7-9, 6-1, 6-4.
