# Prize of $500 for Best Electric Car.
## 
### 
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
Professor H. J. Ryan of the Elec
trical Engineering department lias re
ceived a letter from the J. G. Mrill
company in which they offer a prize
or $500 lor the best thesis on "A De
sign of an Electric Railways Car for
City Service." Professor Ryan states
that he believes many of the engi
neering majors in the University are
competent to try for this prize.
