# Prof. Eckart Host to M.E. Society.
## 
### 
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
The members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society were the guests
of Professor W. H. Eckart of the Me
chanical Engineering department at
his home, 1125 Ramona street, Palo
Alto, yesterday eveniag. No business
was transacted as the evening was
taken up by an interesting lecture by
Professor Eckart, and a social good
time. Professor Eckart took for his
subject "Tests of a Hydraulic Power
Plant" which he delivered in a highly
interesting and instructive manner.
