# DREISER SURVEYS COAL FIELDS
## 
### 

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.

Author Theodore Dreiser is shown here during his survey of
conditions in the Kentucky coal fields. He headed a committee which
investigated charges of political terrorism in the southeastern Ken
tucky strike area where several miners and deputy sheriffs have been
slain. Dreiser (at right, wearing cap) is talking with Capt. Frank
McAuliffe outside a miners' soup kitchen.
