# Library Regulations.
## 
### 
There seems to be general mis
apprehension among the new stu
dents regarding the use of the li
brary. Students repeatedly take
home books which they have taken
out over the counter. It i> certain
that most of the offenders err
through ignorance of the rules,
since they return the books publicly
to the assistants in charge. The
University library exists merely
for reference, and all books taken
out must be used in the library and
returned to the desk. Formerly
students were permitted to take out
books when the library closed in
the evening provided they were re
turned the following morning.
This privilege has been discontin
ued owing to its abuse, and all
books issued must be used in the
librarv.
There seems to be general mis
apprehension among the new stu
dents regarding the use of the li
brary. Students repeatedly take
home books which they have taken
out over the counter. It i> certain
that most of the offenders err
through ignorance of the rules,
since they return the books publicly
to the assistants in charge. The
University library exists merely
for reference, and all books taken
out must be used in the library and
returned to the desk. Formerly
students were permitted to take out
books when the library closed in
the evening provided they were re
turned the following morning.
This privilege has been discontin
ued owing to its abuse, and all
books issued must be used in the
librarv.
There seems to be general mis
apprehension among the new stu
dents regarding the use of the li
brary. Students repeatedly take
home books which they have taken
out over the counter. It i> certain
that most of the offenders err
through ignorance of the rules,
since they return the books publicly
to the assistants in charge. The
University library exists merely
for reference, and all books taken
out must be used in the library and
returned to the desk. Formerly
students were permitted to take out
books when the library closed in
the evening provided they were re
turned the following morning.
This privilege has been discontin
ued owing to its abuse, and all
books issued must be used in the
librarv.
There seems to be general mis
apprehension among the new stu
dents regarding the use of the li
brary. Students repeatedly take
home books which they have taken
out over the counter. It i> certain
that most of the offenders err
through ignorance of the rules,
since they return the books publicly
to the assistants in charge. The
University library exists merely
for reference, and all books taken
out must be used in the library and
returned to the desk. Formerly
students were permitted to take out
books when the library closed in
the evening provided they were re
turned the following morning.
This privilege has been discontin
ued owing to its abuse, and all
books issued must be used in the
librarv.
