# Oklahoma Paper Banned For Defending Evolution
## 
### 
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
SHAWNEE, Okla., April 17.—(1.P.) —
Authorities have suppressed the Bison,
undergraduate publication of Oklahoma
Baptist University, because the paper con
tained an editorial attacking the adminis
tration policy of ousting three faculty
members for teaching evolution, and
asked for the reinstatement of the dis
missed professors.
The editorial appealed "to the Giris

tian-hearted, forward-looking, and intel
ligent Baptists of the state to save Okla
homa Baptist University from the mis
taken and hasty action of the Board of
Trustees.
