# Canoeing Test Demands Disrobing While in Water
## 
### 
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
A new canoeing te.st for girls has
been inaugurated by the physical edu
cation department at the Oregon Agri
cultural College. The test consists of
tipping out of a canoe when fully
dressed, undressing and keeping afloat
for 10 minutes.
