# Hugh Black Announced as West Memorial Lecturer
## 
### 
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
Dr. Hugh Black, Professor of Prac
tical Theology at the Union Theologi
cal Seminary, New York, has been se
cured to give this year's West Memo
rial lectures at Stanford in the Memo
rial Church on April 25, 27, and 29.
The "Raymond Fred West Memorial
Lectures on Immortality, Human Con
duct, and Human Destiny" were es
tablished in 1910 by Mr. and Mrs. Fred
West of Seattle, in memory of their
son, a student in Stanford University.
The lectures are delivered in alternate
years, the lecturer giving at least
three lectures.
Dr. Black, who will give the ninth
series of these lectures, has chosen as
his general topic "The Adventure of
Being Men."
