# FRESHMEN WILL PLAY SOPHOMORE TEAM IN INTRAMURAL TENNIS
## 
### 
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
Sophomores will meet the freshman j
tennis team in the annual interclass j
tennis tournament in the opening j
round of play today on the varsity
courts. The managers are requested!
by Coach Charles W. Davis to have j
all eight men of the teams play and j
to have the time of play definitely |
settled between the players. Those!
classes forfeiting a game will lose
seven points.
Following is the week's schedule:
Monday, April 18 —Freshmen and
Sophomores.
Wednesday, April 20 —Seniors and
Juniors.
Friday, April 22 —Freshmen and i
Seniors.
Monday, April 24 —Sophomores and '
Juniors.
Wednesday, April 27 —Freshmen and !
Juniors.
Friday, April 29 —Seniors and Sopho-1
mores.
