# Don't Decorate That Jalopi
## 
### 
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
Until you have seen five of the funniest, most original,
positively new and never, no never used before—names, for
the decoration of that flivver of yours, that you could pos
sibly imagine. Give thousands of folks a chance to laugh
long and loud when your car goes by. Send one dollar to
Miss Mary Potter, Room 4, Ross Bldg., Downers Grove, 111.,
and you'll be tickled pink with the five names sent you.
