# Quads.
## 
### 
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
—There are 142 men in Encina.
—Mrs. Pease will sing a solo at
the chapel service next Sunday.
—Dr. Jordan lectures before the
Academy of Sciences Monday even
ing on the "Enchanted Mesa.''
— Professor O. P. Jenkins ad
dressed the San Francisco Teach
ers' Institute yesterday on the
"Relation of Nature Study to Geog
raphy."
— Dr. Jordan lectures before the
San Francisco Teachers' Institute
at the Mission high school. lhs
subject is "The Value of Higher
Education."
