# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.

By United Press
Four advance officers of the 201st Mexican Fighter Squadron, the first to arrive in San Francisco from
the Pacific, arc shown above during a radio interview. They are (seated) Oen. Cardenas; (standing left
to right) Roul Reyes Espindola, San Francisco consul; Lt. .lose laiis I'ratt Kamos, Cant. Kicardo Castro
and Lit. Guillcrmo Garcia Katnso.
