# Room Reservations For Men Due Friday
## 
### 
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
The Dean of Men's Residences
reminds all men who have not
made room reservations for winter
quarter that they should he in by
Friday. Men are requested to reg
ister their preferences for room
and hall in his office in Encina
Hall, and also indicate whether
they plan to return next quarter.
The $10 room fee, charged when
students first entered the Univer
sity, will apply on next quarter's
room rent.
