# 1923 SPONSORS
## 
### 
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
Sponsors for freshmen halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923
