# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Some of
our best
friends
are lazy/
It's an old American
custom to do things the
easy way. That's why
Bank of America Tcnplan
checking accounts are so
popularâ€”they make bill
paying very, very easy!
All you do is deposit
whatever amount you
wish in your Tenplan
checking account...then
write checks against
your deposits. No mini
mum balance is ever
required and the total
cost to you is only 10*
a check.
You can start a Tenplan
checking account at
any Bank of America
branch. It takes only a
few minutes. Why not
get yours started now?
Bank of
America
NATIONAt JiV'iVo. ASSOCIATION
Mtufttt rioiiti otPottt
hlvlamcK cai'Oixioa
