# Reg Dance Loses
## 
### 
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
Although over 200 couples swayed
amid the potted palms at, Monday
night's Hawaiian Reg Dance, the
seven eating clubs which sponsored
the afTair lost $80.
Decorations included palms, bam
boos, and typical Hawaiian scenes.
Jimmy Blass and his orchestra pro
vided the music, and the Stanford
Hawaiian Club entertained at inter
mission.
