# 'Oresteia' Trilogy Cast Announced
## 
### 
Cast for the "Oresteia," which
will be presented in Memorial Au
ditorium May 31, June 1 and 2, hat
been announced by director F.
Cowles Strickland.
In "Agamemnon," first part of the
trilogy by Aeschylus, will be Fred
Forsman as the watchman; Hal
Burdick, the herald; Don Campbell,
Agamemnon; Bernard Elumberg,
Aegisthus; and Eleanor Prosser,
Cassandra. The part of Clytemnes
tra is still unfilled.
The chorus of this play are the
old men and citizens of Athens who
observe the tragedy as it unfolds.
Filling the roles will be Hoy Ben
jamin, Nick Gilroy, Ned Hutchin
son, Dave Kaplan, Ed Linck, Sam
Miller, Bob Scott, John Stackpole,
Lawrence Strawbridge, Stan Weese,
Bill Young, and John Brebner or
Arthur Solomon.
'I ne next section of the presenta
tion is the "Choephoroe." Starred
in it are Peggy McKenna, playing

Electra; Barbara Welch, the nurse;
and Dick Jones as Pylades. Por
trayor of Orestes has not been cho
sen.
"Eumcnides" completes the tri
logy. In it, Jock de Cassassus is
playing Hermes, and John Brebner
or Arthur Solomon, Apollo. Athena
is still uncast.
In the chorus playing the part of
the Furies, weird goddesses who
punish those who murder members
of their own families, are Joan An
dreas, Pat Buckley, Marian Evans,
Jo Ann Gilberg, Carol Holgerson,
Joan Hunt, Janet Karahadian, Eliz
abeth Parnog, Terrisa Reimers, Le
nore Rosenfeld, Marilyn Sather, and
Marget Sinton.


F. COWLES STRICKLAND
â€”Announces cast
