# Students Injured In Auto Collision
## 
### 
Three Stanford students were seri
ously injured Sunday while return
ing to school when their car was
involved in an accident near King
City. A woman was killed in the
highway collision.
Jerry Krasne, a junior and head
photographer on the Quad stalT, was
driving his car back from a spring
vacation in Southern California. His
two passengers, Charlie Williams, a
sophomore and also a Quad photog
rapher, and Peter Covington, a fresh
man, are still in the King City Hos
pital. All three suffered sever cuts
and bruises. Krasne was released
after one night in the hospital.
The driver of the other car has also
been released. The driver's wife was
killed instantly.
The accidcnt. occurred when the
car heading south failed to get back
into the proper lane while attempting
to pass a truck on a two-lane high
way. The car then hit Krasnc's 1050
Dodge head-on.
