# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

Thanks to
Thanks to stellar play, men's
and women's golf will be
heading to South Carolina.
page 9

an incredible
Let Michael Green walk you
through the incredibly perplex
ing vocabulary of your TA.
page 4

election team
Okay, while you may not have
voted for this team, the Jerky
Boys are back.
Intermission

