# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
We go through life as some
tourists go through liurope, so
anxious to see the next sight
that we never stop to fill our
sense with the beauty of the
present moment. — Minot J.
Savage.
