# New Daily Cartoonist
## 
### 
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
The Daily is happy to
bring to its readers a
new cartoon strip cal
led J. Moist and Com
pany. Its originator is
Chris Juricich, a resi
dent of Menlo Park.
The strip will be run
daily and is an exclu
sive of The Stanford
Daily. We hope you
enjoy J. Moist and
Company and we in
vite your response to
this new feature.
