# WILL ENTER FINALS.
## Eight Men Were Chosen from the Intercollegiate Preliminary Debates. 
### 
J. W. Cameron. '03, A. Jones, '04,
G. W. Leistner, '04, L. I). Lock
wood, '04, W. c. Maloy, '03, J. H.
Page, '03, O. H. Hitter, '04, and
A. G. Thompson, '03, are the men
selected from the Intercollegiate
preliminary debates who will enter
the finals, from which one team of
three men and an alternate will be
chosen to meet the University of
California next April, and another
of the same number to meet the
University of Washington. In ad
dition to these eight men, Messrs.
Jones, Rice, Wagner, and Loofbou
row of the Carnot team are eligible
to the finals, making twelve men
who will compete for the eight posi
tions. Owing to lack of space in
this issue, a review of the debates
will be given tomorrow.
