# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
Loni was well pleased with our
reception to its debaters and ad
herents, judging from the resolu
tions addressed to the student
body.
