# Harvard School Attracts California College Men
## 
### 
Thirty-five of the 585 students at
the Harvard Graduate School of Busi
ness Administration are graduates of
Stanford University or the University
of California, according to a booklet
published by the school. This is only
two less than the combined contribu
tion of Dartmouth, Holy Cross, and
Yale.
This school offers a two-year course
leading the degree of Master of Busi
ness Administration. The course is in
tended to fit college graduates to be
come business managers, and to give
them an understanding of the general
principles underlying all business.
In June, 1923, 174 men completed
the course. Of this number 61 had
positions open to them by previous
arrangement. For the remaining 113
the Business School received 319 re
quests from corporations and firms,
and 59 requests from other universi
ties for men for their own teaching
staffs.
Anyone interested in the school can
obtain further information from
George H. Lent, President of the Har
vard Club of San Francisco, Cunard
Building, San Francisco.
