# MOVIES TONIGHT?
## 
### 
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
After the show don't forget to enjoy
one of those long Malts and a nut
brown Wafflo at the University
Creamery, next to the Stanford Thea
tre. —Adv.
