# STANFORD FENCERS DOWN OLYMPIC CLUB
## 
### 
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
The Stanford fencers won from the
Olympic Club team last night in San
Francisco, six matches to three. Gard
ner, Bugge, and deCazotte each won
two of their three bouts. This match
makes Stanford and the Olympic Club
tied for first place in the Amateur
Fencing League of America schedule.
The Unione Sportiva Italiana team
will come to the campus on Tuesday,
and the annual matches with Cali
fornia will be held March 14th at the
time of the gym meet.
A fencing meet with the Los An
geles Athletic Club has been arranged
for Wednesday, March 26th, during
spring vacation, at Los Angeles, and
three fencers, Coach Harry Maloney,
and the manager will make the trip.
The match was promoted by Snowy
Baker, fencing commissioner of the
southern club and an old friend of
Maloney.
Stanford will also enter a team in
the Pacific Coast team championships,
to be held in San Francisco on April
Bth, and at least five men will take
part in the individual championships
on April 10th.
