# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
WELCOME BACK
GIRLS
This is an invitation to
come in and look at our
Fall Selection of Cam
pus Clothes.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
