# Boxers Set Return Matches With Cal
## 
### 
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
After winning the first California
matches, 8-(J, the Stanford boxing
team travels to Berkeley Thursday
night in hopes of making it two
straight over the Blue and Gold.
Coaches Harry Maloney and Vic
Lindskog may enter several new men
this week, giving them an oppor
tunity to get their awards. Torn
Cureton, Bear coach, will have an
improved squad, for last Thursday's
bouts were the first of the season
for them.
