# DR. MORGAN TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
Dr. B. Q. Morgan, professor of
German, will speak on "Re-educa
tion of the Germans" at a meeting
<»r the Y.W.C.A. World Affairs dis
cussion group Tuesday at 4 p.m. in
the Y.W.C.A. rooms.
