# CHAPPIE SELLS OUT
## 
### 
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
The Stanford Chaparral sold out
Friday afternoon with continuing
demands for the magazine. More
copies have been printed over the
weekend so that there will be 500
additional issues on news stands
this morning.
