# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.

SEA CHIEF — Indications
that Hitler will push sub
marine campaign against
United Nations is seen in
raising of Admiral Karl
Doenitz, above, U-boat ex
pert, to position of com
mander of German Navy.
