# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHY
$1.50
PHONE
42 0 4
for
I Appointment
Sec us tor l.intcrn slides,
i' pliotost.its. .md enlarge
ments
K^cbles
323 University Ave,
Phone 4204
