# NEW VETS' HOURS
## 
### 
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
Veterans Administration advise
ment centers in the Palo Alto Com
munity Center will be closed on
Saturdays from now on, according
to Robert P. Shields, regional man
ager.
