# MURAL TRACK POSTPONED
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
Tomorrow afternoon's scheduled
Intramural Track Meet has been
postponed until Spring Quarter,
according to Intramural Director
Gene Coldiron. Registration for
the All-Campus Cinder battle will
begin a week before the event it
self. which has been rescheduled
for April 11.
