# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium Huoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
