# SCOREBOARD CLOCK IS KEPT IN PAVILION FOR FUTURE GAMES
## 
### 
Spectators at Stanford basketball
games will continue to haVe the
privilege of knowing just as much as
the official timekeeper about min
utes left to play as Ihc result of
the B.A.C.'s decision to retain the
electric scoreboard clock, which has
been on trial during the games to
date.
Although the big, legible dial of
this timepiece is placed above the
scoreboard in full view of the spec
tators, it is started and stopped as
the ball goes in and out of play by
buttons under the timekeeper's
hand.
This clock differs radically from
the dial on the football scoreboard.
The latter is operated by hand, ac
cording to hearsay, and is neither
reliable or readable for small inter
vals, such as the last two minutes
of play.
The new type of clock is electri
cally operated and represents the
official time. What the timekeeper
sees on his watch the spectators see
on the dial.
