# Geologists Hold Open-Air Meeting.
## 
### 
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
I lie Geology Club held an open-air
meeting at the home of Professor J.
P. Smith in Palo Alto last evening.
About twenty men from the Geology
and Chemistry departments attended,
besides the members of the club. C.
F. Elwell, '07, described a mountain
climbing trip in Mexico. Professor
Smith gave a talk on the lava beds
of Idaho.
