# Jordan and Suzzallo To Speak.
## 
### 
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
President David Starr Jordan and
Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of the Depart
ment of Education, will address the
people of San Jose on the issuance
of school bonds to replace the build
ings destroyed by the earthquake at
a large mass meeting to be held to
morrow evening.
