# G.E. MEEKINS APPOINTED NEW CAMPUS POSTMASTER
## 
### 
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
G. E. Meekins, of Palo Alto, has been
appointed postmaster of the Stanford
postoffice, to succeed Miss Helen C.
Thompson. Meekins is engaged in the
fruit and produce business in Palo
Alto, where he has been a resident for
a number of years. He has had the
backing of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee in the recent fight for
this position, winning from a field of
six other competitors.
Miss Thompson was married to A. M.
Huie, of San Francisco, at the close of
last semester, thus creating the vacan
cy, which will be filled by Meekins.
Huie, who is a contracting engineer,
will take his bride to San Francisco
shortly after the first of the month,
when the newly-appointed postmaster
will take formal charge of the office.
