# LIVE SUBJECT CHOSEN FOR INTERCOLLEGIATE DEBATE
## 
### 
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
"Resolved, That California should
abolish state-wide initiative and ref
erendum," is (he question which the
Stanford committee on the Intercolle
giate Debate .received from California
by telegraph yesterday. The question
will he argued by the rival debating
teams sometime early in November.
Stanford debaters will choose their
side of the question in about two
weeks.
No definite action concerning the
new agreement for this debate between
Stanford and California has as yet
been taken, but terms will be arranged
before November.
