# INTRA-MURAL LEAGUE CLOSES SECOND WEEK
## D.U., Sigma Chi, and A.T.0. Are Favorite Houses For Cups 
### 
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
Three games of basketball played
Friday afternoon closed the second
Week of the intra-mural league con
test. Sigma Chi doubled the eight
points Alpha Delta Phi scored in the
clash between the two quintets. En
cina (east) second floor, ran a steam
roller over the first-floor men of Se
quoia, shooting eleven field goals to
the two thrown by their opponents.
The larger end of a 15 to 5 score was
secured by Phi Delta Theta in their
match with Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Although only two weeks of the
schedule have been played, favorites
in the league have already developed.
Among the houses, Delta Upsilon,
Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi ar«
expected to make strong races for
the league cups. El Camino and Hh
cina (west) second floor have devel
oped poin-scoring squads that will
prove dangerous to their opponents.
Tuesday's games have been sched
uled as follows: Theta Xi vs. Break
ers; San Jose Commuters vs. Beta
Theta Pi; Kappa Alpha vs. Chinese
Club.
