# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.

Associated Press
Sudan famine
A Dinka woman and her starving child are shown at the
village of Abyei in the Sudan. Nearly all children two-years
old and younger died when a measels epidemic struck the
village in July.
