# STANFORD MOTHERS HOLD XMAS PARTY
## 
### 
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
Ping-pong, other games, and danc
ing were enjoyed on Christmas
night by students remaining on ihc
campus during the holidays at the
annual Christmas party given by the
Stanford Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse.
A Christmas tree, wreaths, and
holiday decorations carried nut the
spirit of the affair. About 175 peo
ple were present.
Mrs. George Dowrie, hospitality
chairman, had charge of the ar
rangements. Assisting in the receiv
ing were Mrs. George Lowry, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. Louise Stern,
Mrs. Anna Shaw, Mrs. George Cul
ver, Mrs. Payson Treat, Mrs. O. H.
Blackman, Mrs. Hardin Craig, Mrs.
Irene Spcnner, and Miss Vivienne
Church.
Among the guests were Dean Mary
Yost, Dr. and Mrs. Mitchell, and
Miss Louise Price.
