# Anti-Rolphing Bill
## 
### 
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
Determined Senator Costigan will
lay before Congress a bill providing
drastic penalties for state, or local
officials who are lax in guarding
prisoners. The anti-lynching act will
provide penalties as high as life im
prisonment, payment of $10,000 dam
age's to heirs of lynch victims.
Numerous provisions for admin
istration and procedure are intended
to hog-tie lynch-loving officials,
bring them under jurisdiction of
Federal courts. In spite of probable
southern opposition, constitutional
flaws, proposed bill will'doubtless
pass, as will a greatly strengthened
anti-kidnapping law, providing the
death penalty. F.R. is apparently in
favor of both.
