# SWIMMERS TO MEET
## 
### 
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
All swimmers, yearlings and var
sity men, meet this afternoon at
4:30 o'clock in Room 45, B.A.C.
Building, to elect 1934's freshman
and first-team swimming captains.
