# U. of W. Students Favor Mild Form of Socialism
## 
### 
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
In a recent opinion survey con
ducted at the University of Wash
ington, Socialism was found to coin
cide with the modern student's idea
of government, at the expense of
communism and capitalism.
Of the interviewed students, 152
favored a mild form of Socialism,
rejecting radical trends toward gov
ernment control; 2fi favored the
status quo doctrine supporting pri
i vate property.
