# EX COMMITTEE TO FILL VACANCY ON REVISION GROUP
## 
### 
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
A vacancy has occurred in the
constitution revision committee with
the resignation of Walter Bogart,
who is leaving school to accept a
position in Los Angeles.
Appointment of a new member
will probably be made at the next
meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Tuesday night.
The revision committee was ap
pointed during October to begin re
vision of the A.S.SU. constitution
which must be affected every seven
years. The groundwork for revi
sion has been laid by the commit
tee so far, and open hearings will
be held in about two weeks.
Student organizations included
in the student handbook arc in -
vitcd to syggest feasible changes.
Members of the committee ap
pointed by the executive body are
as follows: Al Denny, chairman;
Compton Bangs, Jr., secretary; and
Bogart. Ex officio members are
Jerry Trautman and Jeanne Millard.

Across the new San FrancLsco-
Dakland Bay bridge interurban
Irains will speed at a 60-mile an
hour clip, making the trip in nine
minutes. The new trains will be
practically noiseless, and stream
lined to a maximum speed of 70
niles an hour.

The paper of the Brigham Youn
University at Provo, Utah, print
birthday greetings of the student,
born each day of each week.
Thirty-four of the football coache
jf the country are graduates o
Notre Dame.
