# 34 Auto License Plates On Sale in Palo Alto
## 
### 
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
Automobile license plates are now
being issued, and will be mailed, on
application to the department of mo
tor vehicles in the Palo Alto police
station. To obtain license plates,
students need only present their reg
is! ration certificates and $3. The
deadline for this fee i:j January 31,
after which date $3 extra will be
charged.
Drivers' licenses are required of
any one driving in California, and
are only valid for a period of two
years.
