# RAINS HALT STUDENTS
## 
### 
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
Due to the heavy rains in the
southern part of the state, hundreds
of telegrams and special delivery
letters have been received from de
layed students by the registrar's of
fice asking for special dispensation
in waiving the $2 fine for late regis
tration.
