# BALLOTS BURNED IN LOUISIANA
## 
### 

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated

This was the scene in Tangipahoa parish of Louisiana as irate citi
zens poured kerosene on ballots and burned them on the eve of the
election called by Senator Huey Long to name a congressman. Ballots
were burned in several parishes in efforts to enforce an injunction
against distribution of ballots to prevent the election. (Associated
