# SOPH REUNION
## 
### 
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
The sophomore class will hold a
reunion at Mangini's Barn Friday,
beginning at 2:30 p.m. Pope Smith
and his Archbishops of Jazz will
provide entertainment, along with
four acts from the Frosh Talent
Show.
