# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
The Stanford University Inter
scholastic Athletic Association de
sires to thank, through your col
umns, all those persons and organi
zations which did so much to make
Saturday's interscholastic meet a
success. The readiness with which
the students generally accepted the
idea and their willingness to help
in every way possible were worthy
of the best Stanford spirit. A full
half, perhaps more, of the success
of the meet depended on the proper
entertainment of the visiting ath
letes. The hospitalities that were
extended by fraternities and by in
dividuals were of the broadest, and
to these numerous hosts the associ
ation gives sincere thanks. To
those officials and others who work
ed hard solely for the good of the
new cause the association is also
grateful.
J. C. Macfarland, President.
