# Instructor Cox Married.
## 
### 
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
Instructor A. J. Cox, '01, who
was formerly an instructor in the
Chemistry department, was mar
ried to Miss Mary Amelia Barnett
at Santa Rosa last Wednesday.
Professor Cox now has a position
in the government chemical labo
ratory al Manila.
