# WAREHOUSE EXECUTIVES
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21 (UP).—
Hoyt O. Perry today was elected
president of the Lawrence Ware
house Company, the largest field
warehousing firm in the United
States.
