# F.D.R. SERIOUS AT INAUGURATION
## 
### 

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.

HIS FACE intently serious, President Roosevelt is shown as he left
the White House for church services opening the ceremonies of the
first third-term inauguration in the United States.
