# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.

THE WESTERN Open Golf
Tourney will be held m Phoe
nix Jan. 31-Feb. 2. Here is
Dorothy Reyer ready to caddy
for the contenders.
