# COUNCIL MEETS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
Intervarsity Council will meet at
8 tonight in the Vestry of the Me
morial Chapel. The group will con
tinue its discussion of the Bible.
All visitors are welcome.
