# IFC Expects 700 Couples at Dance
## 
### 
San Francisco's exclusive Surf
Club will be the setting of the!
third annual Interfraternity Coun- â– 
cil dance, from 9 p.m. to I a.m.
tomorrow night. Claude Gordon's
M-piece orchestra will provide the
music, and Capitol recording ar
tist Margaret Whiting will supply
the lyrics. IFC is predicting a
record attendance of 1400 persons.
Because of the Surf Club's lim
ited space, tickets have been dis
tributed only to active members
of each fraternity. Pledges are
welcome, but they should secure
tickets from fraternity actives.
As traditional as the dance will
be the 21 cocktail parties held al
private homes, hotels and motels i
in the Bay Area.
