# Girl Slalom Team Defends Ski Title
## 
### 
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
Stanford's defending champion
lady ski enthusiasts will lake to
the hills of Yosemile this week
end to hold their newly-won title
in the Stanford-sponsored Tresid
der Memorial Ski Meet. The In
dian snow ladies won Hie Univer
sity of California-sponsored Van
derhilt Ski Meet slalom champion
ship held last week end at the
Sugar Bowl.
Nancy Ilellman took first place
in the exciting slalom, while Mar
gi Meyer, also from Stanford,
look third in the same event.
