# Adv. 25 Page 5
## 
### 
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
fk el
For Dancing
and Romancing
Wispy 2-thread Spun
Crepe chiffon in your
own individual propor
tion. A true luxury chif
fon! In glamourizing
American Personality
Colors.
$1.15
PHOENIX
HOSIERY
Double VITA-BLOOM
Processed
ioi Long Wear
J. F. HINK&SON
PALO ALTO
