# Council Announces Special Late Leaves
## 
### 
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
Non-quota late leaves will be
granted to all women for Wednes
day, Thursday, Friday, and Satur
day nights, it was announced by
Jane Greenwood, chairman of Wom
en's Council. There will also he a
non-quota lale leave for those re
turning by train Sunday night.
