# Pre-Reg Date Set By Women's Gym
## 
### 
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
Pre-registration in physical edu
cation for women will be held in
the Department of Hygiene and
Physical Education for Women on
Monday, Dec. 11, from 9 a. m. to
12 m. and from 1 to 5 p. m., ac
cording to Maud L. Knapp, head of
Physical Education for Women.
All old students returning winter
quarter must register for physical
education at the Women's Gym
nasium on that. day.
