# BRADLEY IN HOSPITAL
## 
### 
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
LEXINGTON, Ky„ Nov. 27 (UP).
—Colonel E. R. Bradley, owner of
Idle Hour farm, entered St. Joseph's
Hospital today. After a physical
check-up in which his health was
declared good, the famed turfman
said that he would stay only a few
days.
