# Move to Break Dock Tie-up Made
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 28 (UP).
—State and federal authorities to
night made positive moves to break
San Francisco's 19-day waterfront
tie-up as striking CIO ship clerks
went back to the conference table
with employers.*
The principal hope for settlement
lay in Gov. Culbert L. Olson's pro
posal to reopen the port under tem
porary state management. CIO lead
er Harry Bridges said the union
wanted to study this proposal but
said he personally believed there
would be little opposition from the
union. Shipping leaders declined to
comment immediately.
The fact the clerks had resumed
negotiations with the Dock Check
ers' Employers Association was con
sidered an encouraging move. Bar
gaining has been interrupted re
peatedly in a deadlock over the
union's demands for a single eon
tract to cover both daily and month
ly employes.
