# Entomology Scholarship Awarded.
## 
### 
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
Robert Kingston Vickery, 'Ifi, lias
boon apppointed Bernard scholar in
entomology for tlio present college
year. This scholarship is maintained
hy Mrs. H. M. Bernard, of London, <n
memory of her husband, a well-known
English biologist.
