# COLLEGE COMMENT
## Brown University 150 Years Old. 
### 
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
Drown University celebrated its one
hundred fiftieth birthday last week
with a reunion of students and a pro
gram by a number of prominent men.
Harvard and Yale are the only Ameri
can universities older than Brown,
which held its first classes in the
Baptist meeting house of Providence,
Rhode Island, in 1764. The hall in
which the anniversary services were
held was built in 1776.
