# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
The Daily Californian yesterday dedi
cated an eieht-page special shcpt to
Amendment No. 11, which provides a
greater appropriation for the State
University.
