# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Has it
ever
happened
to you?
All set for a big nite —a
wow of a date 'n every
thing—arid as you dress
you whistle happily. \ou
look for that clean shirt
you thought you had
but alas your roommate
has borrowed it, or the
laundry has failed to
make connections--don't
be downhearted — just
'phone P.A. 124 and in
five minutes a new shirt
is yours. Beginning today
we are inaugurating a
free delivery system dur
ing our regular hours
( 1 2 to 9 p.m., excepting
Saturdays 10 till 8).
Just phone and tell your
needs and we will do the
rest.
