# DESIGN CHOSEN FOR UNKNOWN SOLDIER'S TOMB
## 
### 

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.

Architect's design showing how Unknown Soldier's tomb will look when completed. The design,
which was selected by Secretary of War Davis and the Arlington National Cemetery commission
from many submitted, was made by Thomas D. Jones, sculptor (left), and Lorimer Rich, architect,
of New York. Below is a model showing design of sarcophagus.
