# WARS ON GAMBLERS
## 
### 

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.

Rev. Newton Moats, Methodist min
ister of San Francisco, headed a cam
paign to curb games of chance in the
bay city. Raids, based upon informa
tion he gathered, resulted in hun
dreds of arrests.
