# Appears Tonight
## 
### 

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.

Michio Ito, versatile Japanese
dancer, who will interpret "dance
poems" tonight in the Assembly with
a company of his five most promising
students.
