# NEW COMPOSERS WANTED
## 
### 
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
In an effort to find new American
composers, Nino Marcelli, conductor
of the San Diego Symphony Orches
tra, invites composers to submit com
positions. During his engagement at
the Ford Bowl at the San Diego Fair,
he will play those chosen by the
judges. Stanford aspirants should
submit their works to the San Diego
Symphony Orchestra Association, 2740
First Avenue, San Diego, on or before
Friday.
