# Russ Engravings Shown at Gallery
## 
### 
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
Twelve block prints from a folio
commemorating the 800 th anniver
sary of the founding of Moscow,
done by Alexei Leonov, the oldest
living Russian engraver, and a
group of Russian lacquer boxes are
currently on display at the Stan
ford Art Gallery.
The block prints are views of ob
scure corners of Moscow yards,
lanes, and alleys- rather than pano
ramic landscapes. The boxes are
papier - mache, highly decorated.
Each box is an individual work of
art, bearing the signature of the
master painter and the date of the
work.
The showing of the Edgar Ewing
paintings continues in the gallery
through Jan. 2f>. The gallery hours
are Tuesday through Saturday, 10
a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday from
noon to 4 p.m.
