# STROTHMANN TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
Professor Friedrieh W. Stroth
niaiui will speak to (he English He
view Club at 4:15 p.m. tomorrow in
the lower lounge of the Women':;
Cluh. His subject will be "Thoma .
Aquinas' Idea of Perfection as
Medieval Concept."
