# Untitled Article
## 
### 
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
George Ferris, an Illinois bridge
builder, built the first Ferris wheel
for the Chicago World Fair in 1893.
