# Vice-President
## 
### 

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.

ANNE TOWNSEND, former soph
woman on Excom, former Roble
sponsor, now A.S.S.U. vice-prcxy.
