# Booters Face Bleak Season
## 
### 
When the Stanford varsity soccer
team takes the field in their first
game of the 1940 season Coach Harry
Maloney's boys will be faced by two
obstacles —the loss of most of their
1939 regulars and little or no prac
tice.
This was the opinion of Tevfik
Sadullah, coach of last year's fresh
man squad and former star of the
Stanford varsity, who spoke in the
absence of Harry Maloney, still on
vacation.
Returning this fall will be three
regulars, Gordy Nicoll, halfback,
George Dole, right forward, and Ned
Pugh, goalie. In the spots left by
graduation will go Cameron Pierce,
forward, Luis Arizmendi, forward,
and Greyson Bryan, halfback, of last
yeai-'s squad.
New to Stanford soccer will be
three foreigners—Felipe Cilloniz,
who comes from Lima, Peru, and
played center forward in spring prac
tice; Eduardo Cilloniz, his brother,
and Fernando Eleta, junior transfer
from Panama.
"The second obstacle that faces us
this season," Sadullah said, "is the
fact that, since California and the
other schools in the league register
before we do, we don't get the same
amount of practice before the season
