# TRINER ELECTED HEAD
## 
### 
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
Joe Trincr, chairman of the Illi
nois State Boxing Commission, was
elected president of the National
Boxing Association. Lieutenant
Colonel Harvey Miller, retiring pres
ident, was elected executive secre
tary and Harry Landry was elected
treasurer.
