# Veterans Boost Rugby Chances
## 
### 
A veteran rugby team that tied Cal
for one championship and lost an
other by one game will return this
fall to Coach Hany Maloney and his
assistants Jim Wylie and Willard
Classen.
Nine first string players, led by
Captain Jake Thompson, will be out
to avenge the defeat by California
that lost the Indians two titles last
season.
Graduation took Howard Hicking
botham, last year's captain, George
Jedenoff, Kay McMurray, Aubrey
Austin, and Cam Pierce, who were
all members of the team that tied
for the championship of the Northern
California Rugby Union. The Cardi
nals came second in the California
Intercollegiate Conference, with Cal
taking the title.
In spite of the loss of valuable men
in key positions, the coaches are op
timistic about the prospects for the
coming season. Frankie Albert will
return to his fullback position, and
Pete Kmetovic to second five when
football season is over. Ned Pugh,
one of the outstanding players, will
also be back. Others returning are
Bob Olden, Art Geissler, Frank Mor
gan, Paul Ugrin, and Pop Barnard.
