# Stanford Instructor To Teach at Annapolis
## 
### 
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
Ralph J. Michels, Stanford instruc
tor of Romanic languages, has been
called to teach at the Annapolis Na
val Academy.
