# Maior Garrecht To Coach Polo
## 
### 
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
Major Frances A. Garrecht, for
merly of Fort Meyers, Virginia, will
be the new horse polo mentor on the
Farm this fall, according to an an
nouncement from the military de
partment.
Major Garrecht, a high goal man
himself, replaces Major Smith, who
guided Stanford poloists last year.
Major Garrecht is a member of the
regular Army of the United States.
First on this fall's program will be
whipping the squad into shape, it
was announced, with a few local
practice games tentatively sched
uled before regular league competi
tion starts. Several stars from last
year are expected to return, among
whom will be Stan Glikbarg, Joe
Smith, and A. T. LaPrade. Lost to the
team by reason of graduation will
be Ray Conner and Gale Medlicott.
