# SITES OF NEW BASES FOR U.S.
## 
### 

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.

THIS MAP'S circled dots show sites for bases U.S. obtained on 99-
year lease in swap with Britain for 50 over-age destroyers. Black dia
monds show present American defense centers.
