# Untitled Article
## 
### 
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
According to the California State
Automobile Association, the auto
mobile death toll for the first, six
months of 1940 shows an eight per
cent increase over the same period
last year.
