# Press Announces New Publications
## 
### 
''Cable Car Days in San Francisco"
by Edgar M. Kahn is one of the most
promising of the new fall releases
announced by the Stanford Univer
sity Press.
Stanford's president, Dr. Ray Ly
man Wilbur, is the author of a new
book which is to be released in No
vember, titled "Human Hopes," a
collection of addresses delivered by
Dr. Wilbur during his varied career.
Another important book was written
by Waldo Chamberlin with the title
of "International Relations in War
time Great Britain, 1914-1918." The
reference for this work was material
gathered for the Hoover War Li
brary.
Harlen M. Adams, formerly of the
Menlo faculty and now associated
with Chieo State, has prepared a
wordbook of English called "Speech
Guide." Other press releases deal
with home planning, flora of the
west, health, a new Who's Who in
Latin America, and a History of the
Donner Party.
