# STUDENTS GOVERN FARM
## 
### 
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
Stanford is a democracy. A long
history of student government has
given the Farm one of the highest
rankings in this respect among uni
versities all over the country.
