# Freshmen Obtain Yearly Handbook
## 
### 
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
Comprising the freshman's first
contact with the Associated Stu
dents, the Frosh Handbook went into
the mails in August to pave the way
for the Class of '44's entrance to
Stanford life.
Co-edited by Wilson Cannon,
Men's Council member and associate
editor of The Daily, and Dwight
Hutchinson, senior member of Ex
Committee and Daily editor, the
"Bible" tells the story of the Farm
in an informal, personalized way.
Full of information for newcomers,
the 160-page booklet, in the words
of its authors, gives "an inventory
of Ihe equipment and standards
which will make your college days
worth more than the money they
cost."
This year's Handbook is the 46th
volume in the series started when
the University was a young institu
tion, its editors disclosed. Issuing
the "Bible" to about 750 new stu
dents is part of the student body's
freshman orientation program.
