# LAW MEN BANQUET
## 
### 
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
Fourteen members of the J. D. Law
graduating class met for a banquet at
the Inn Wednesday evening. G. Hol
comb, Ml, presided as toastmaster,
while Professors F. C. Woodward, A.
M. Cathcart and VV. Bingham, res
ponded to toasts.
