# No Recitals This Week.
## 
### 
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
On account of the improvements
that are going on in Memorial
Church the daily organ recitals
will be discontinued until Septem
ber 12th.
