# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
Tomorrow afternoon another op
portunity to enter the competition
will be given those who intend to
try for positions on the Daily Palo
A I,TO and who did not report at the
former meeting. There are several
vacancies on the staff, which will
be filled next month. So far there
are very few Freshmen trying for
place*. It is especially essential
that the entering class he repre
sented in the present trials for the
vacancies, and all among the Fresh
men who have ability in newspaper
work and wish to carry on that
line of activity at the University
should hand in their names at to
morrow's meeting.
