# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
—— —
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
•erviccd by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
