# Sylvia Haining, Bill Burke Are Chosen For Leading Roles in Cole Porter Show
## 
### 
Sylvia Haining, as the proprietor
of string of chorus girls, and Bill
Burke, as a young lover, will head
the cast for this year's Spring Show,
Cole Porter's "Anything Goes," pro
ducer Warner Leßoy announced
yesterday. The show is to he pre
sented May 6, 7, and 8. Kirk Mc-
Nulty is technical director.
Others in the tentative cast in
clude Paul Miller as Lord Oak
leigh; Hugh Roberts, the bartender;
Ron Feinberg, Elisha J. Whitney;
Chuck Chesnut, a bellboy; Dave
Whorf, a reporter; Jim Barton, Sir

Everlyn Oakleigh; Joel Rogosin,
Bishow Dowson; Roc Harris and Bill
Naugle as Ching and Ling.
Sandra Sheldon is Snoors; Walt
Brown, a steward; Wallace Whipple,
the assistant purser; John Master
son, the first Federal man; Larry
Minkoff, the second Federal man;
Judy Schaefer, Mrs. Wcntworth;
Ruth Binns, Bonni LaToon; Don
Bates, the chief officer; Dave Pen
hallow, the ship's drunk; Phil An
geloff, Mr. Swift; Merritt Johnson,
the captain.
Sailors are Mike Conway, Steve

Stevens, Charles Lloyd, Jack Pike,
BiM Lachey, Mike Wogan, Art With
row, Paul Burkhardt, and John We
ber.
Included as "Reno's Angels" and
as passengers are Don Johnson,
Wally Carson, Nancy Wiser, Judy
Babb, Bev Glassford, Barbara Dick
ey, Helene Kilburn, Alice Middle
kauff, Almeda Wilbor, Joy Olson,
Diane Dean, Joy Thisted, Jean
Greenlee, Jan Rosengren, Sheile
Howell, Carol Sawyer, Carol Eichel
berger, Edith JacoUson, Margaret
Stanley, and Tony Stevens.


BILL BURKE
—Male lead


SYLVIA lIAINING
—Feminine lead


KIRK McNULTY
—Technical director
