# INITIATION BANQUET
## 
### 
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
Pi Sigma Alpha's winter quarter
initiation banquet will be held to
night at 7:15 at Longbarn restau
rant. Jesse W. Tapp, executive vice
president of the Bank of America,
will speak on "America's Foreign
Economic Policy: The Shaping and
Prospects of the Randall Report."
