# RIVER TRIP EILM
## 
### 
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
A film of a river trip through ;
the Dinosaur National Monument
mountain country in northern Colo
rado and Utah will be shown this J
afternoon at 4:15 in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
The movie, a half-hour sound and
color film, is open to the public
without charge.
