# BASEBALL RECREATION
## 
### 
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
The varsity baseball game with
Fort Ord this afternoon will be
recreated for Stanford sports fans
over KZSU beginning at 4.
Sportscaster will be Larry IVlin
koff.
