# Old Boy to Try Parody Issue
## 
### 
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
"The Saturday Evening Pile,"
Chaparral's every thing-goes parody
issue, will be sold on Wednesday,
March 10, at History and Engineer
ing corners and at the Post Office
and the Cellar.
Priced as usual at 30 cents, the
March Chappie will be the largest
issue ever published. Lead stories
include: "Athanasius Butts Saves
the Day," by Warthog Hamhead
Upchuck; "The Poponowski Story,"
an exciting football tale by Bill
Corr; "The Chartreuse Kid," a fight
story by Bayshore Chones; and a
Western love story by Tex Hindle,
"Up the Canyon a Piece."
Informative articles include: "I
Was the World's Greatest Spy," by
Jascha Troubetzkoy; "It Lowered
the VD Rate," by Dr. Aran B. Cross
field; and a feature on the cities of
America, "Moldy City." The issue
will also contain the first install
ment of a serial, "Night Train for
Haiti," by Clarence Cruddington
Belthound; and a multitude of fake
ads.
