# PICTURE OF THE WEEK
## 
### 

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.

Two bacteria engaging in conjugation, the transmission of genetic information between different bac
teria. The bacterium on the right transmits genes by means of the long, slender sex pili. Bacteria often
use conjugation to exchange small snippets of DN A called plasmids, which can confer useful traits such
as resistance to various antibiotics.
