# Shell, GE Schedule Interviews Today
## 
### 
Interviews for positions for Shell
Oil Company and Shell Chemical
Corporation will be conducted to
day and again tomorrow if there is
sufficient demand. Those interested
may make appointments with the
Placement Service for an interview.
Positions are available for chemi
cal engineers at all degree levels
and also for B.S. and M.S. degree
levels in chemistry and mechanical,
electrical, and civil engineering.
Group meetings will be held to
day at 3:30 in Room 123 of the
Graduate School of Business for all
March and June graduates with an
M.S. or B.S. degree who are inter
ested in positions with General
Electric Company.
There will be openings for people
in the following fields: physics,
chemistry, mathematics (applied
mathematics and statistics), metal
lurgy; industrial, mechanical, elec
trical, and chemical engineering;
and engineering mechanics.
