# Series Picks Four Concert Artists
## 
### 
Four world-renowned artists
have been selected by the Stanford
Concert Series to give performances
during the 1948-49 season, an
nounced Sharon Nuss, concert man
ager, today.
Mia Slavenska and her Ballet
Variante are billed for Nov. 22.
The first performance in 1949. on
Feb. 11. will feature America's fore
most tenor. Jan Peerce of the Metro
politan Opera. Joseph Szigeti will
give the next concert on April 21.
The last concert of the series. May
19, has slated Florence Quartararo,
San Francisco's lyric soprano.
Student season tickets for the
1948-49 series are now on sale daily
from 1-5 p.m. in the Nitery. Stu
dent rates are: $6.20, $5.00, $3 80,
and $2.60.
