# PEACE PROPOSAL REFUSED
## 
### 
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
TEL AVIV, Israel, Oct. 18 (/P). —
Israel rejected tonight the United
Nations proopsal for a cease-fire
order in the Negev fighting, and
agreed to hold peace talks with the
Egyptians.
Israeli infantry and armor, with
air support, have already blasted
open a supply road to 23 Jewish
settlements in the Negev—southern
Palestine desert,
