# Music Group Lists 1948-1949 Officers
## 
### 
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
Mrs. Russel V. Lee was re
elected chairman of the Friends of
Music at Stanford at the group's
annual meeting Tuesday afternoon
at the Knoll.
Other officers for 1948-49 elected
at the meeting are: First vice
chairman, Mrs. Robert Swain; see
on vice - chairman, Mrs. Carl
Brand; secretary, Mrs. Marguerite
Slater; treasurer, L. Polk Dodson:
members at large, Mrs. John Wil
lits, Mrs. Ray Folger, Fred Baker,
Frank Duveneck, and William
Crosten (adviser).
