# USC Reserved Seats Now on Sale at SAC
## 
### 
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
Reserved seat tickets for Sat
urday's game are being sold be
tween 8:j0 a.m. and noon, and
from 1 to 4:.'{o p.m. every day
until sold out at the SAC Build
ing for athletic department of
ficials announced yesterday af
ternoon.
General admission tickets will
go oil sale at the Stadium at 10
Saturday morning for $1.50. No
more rooters' tickets are avail
able.
