# Untitled Article
## 
### 
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
RALEIGH. N. C.. Oct. 18 (/Pi—A
cocktail parly here tonight for Miss
Margaret Truman has been called off
and the Raleigh Times said it was
because state Democratic leaders
feared the affair might cost the
President votes in dry areas of the
state.
