# Debaters Vie with British Team, Prepare for Coming Political Fray
## 
### 
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
Stanford and British debate teams
will clash Friday night at 8:45 in
Cubberley Hall. This is the first
meeting of the two teams since
World War If, Professor James G.
Emerson, debate coach, announced.
rarm debaters ate Forden Atheei n
and Richard Kelton, who will take
the negative side of the question:
"Resolved: That modern society en
joys greater benefits under a
planned economy."
Opposing the Stanford leam will
be Reginald Galer of Birmingham
University and Anthony J. Cox of
Bristol University. Society for In
ternational Education is sponsoring
the British team.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will be debate chairman.
Kimpton, himself, was an opponent
of Oxford University debaters in
his undergraduate days.
