# 'Hot' Cards Maul JV'S
## 
### 
An enthusiastic varsity foot
team hit hard and often to s
seven touchdowns against the
ior varsity yesterday.
Bill De Young tallied twice, i
on an 80-yard jaunt. Bovd Bei
also hit for two markers, onct
air and once by a 35-yard run.
varsity's air attack was clicl
with Don Campbell and Tom S
doing the tossing.
While this scrum was taking |
on the junior varsity field, Au
Devine and other first-string
sity backs and ends practice<

perfect a pass defense. Coach
chie Schwartz said that he plr
to work on pass defense for at
a half-hour each night this wc
Schwartz will work with E
Mitchell and A 1 Turriizani,
with Bob White and Devine,
start the USC game here Sati
on pass defense. Neither ma:
seen much defensive action
year but in an effort to solv
nass defense worries, Schwart
break them in at defensive
backs.
The squad came out of the T
tilt with no serious injuries,
fact, coupled with the possib
turn to duty of fianknnen Dan.
vin and Bob Ghilotti, will pi
Cards near top strength for I
Missing from yesterday's
mage was starling tackle Alia
who was sidelined in the Pal<
Hospital with a cold. He shoi
ready for Saturday's game,
ever.
