# Grad School Adds Faculty
## 
### 
Appointment of two new faculty
members in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business was announced
today by Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, act
ing president of the University.
New members are Carl E. Mc-
Dowell, associate professor of for
eign trade, and Oswald Nielsen, as
sociate professor of accounting.
Mr. McDowell received both his
A.B. and M.B.A. degrees from Stan
lord. Before the war he worked as
general manager of the lumber di
vision of McCormick Steamship
Company.
During the war, Mr. McDowell
served as an officer and port cap
tain in the Naval Transportation
Service.
Mr. Nielsen worked with the Bu
reau of Foreign and Domestic Com
merce and the Federal Crop Insur
ance Corporation prior to the war.
The Navy Department claimed
Nielsen's services during the war.
Later he became chief of the com
pliance division of the War Pro
duction Board in Minneapolis.
