# New Committee Chairman Appointed.
## 
### 
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
C. L. Schaupp, '12, has been ap
pointed by sophomore president, N. C.
Wilson to succeed F. M. Russell as
chairman of the Sophomore Play
Committee. Russell through force oF
outside work, was compelled to resign
the position of chairman although he
will still remain a member of the
committee.
15. J. O'Donnell has also been ap
pointed to this committee by President
Wilson.
