# First Number of Alumnus Appears.
## 
### 
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
The first number of the Alumnus,
published by the Alumni Association,
for the current college year has ap
peared on the Campus under the edi
torship of Chester Naramore, '03, of
San Francisco. O. A. Wilson, '04, also
of San Francisco is the present busi
ness manager.
The leading article is by Track Cap
tain H. L. Horton, '08, entitled "The
Trip of the Track Team", which gives
a very complete history of the team's
recent successful trip to Chicago.
Other articles concern the Stanford
Union, the athletic outlook, and other
phases of Stanford life of interest, to
the Alumni.
