# Preferential Voting System Used
## 
### 
It is important for the successful
outcome of today's election that all
students should understand the sys
tem used, which is described in the
constitution of the A.S.S.U. as the
"preferential voting system," accord
ing to Jim Ludlam, election com
mittee head.
The constitution says in part
concerning this system: "To elect
any oflicer a majority of all the
ballots counted i.s necessary. The
ballots are distributed according to
first choices.
If no one candidate receives the
requisite majority of first choices,
the ballots of the candidate who has
received the lowest number are re
distributed, according to the second
choices indicated thereon, and an
other count for the majority is made.
The redistribution and recounting
arc continued until one candidate is
elected.
Third choices arc counted only
when first and second on the ballot
have been exhausted."
