# VETERANS HURT
## 
### 
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
FAYETTE, Mo., Nov. 11 (JP). -
Three Fayette war veterans who
went through the Argonne withou
a scratch, were injured here to
dayin an Armistice day celebra
tion when an improvised cannor
exploded.
