# Where Kingsford-Smith Is Lost
## 
### 

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)

Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith was last reported battling a monsoon
about 150 miles from shore in the Bay of Bengal, after flying over
Akyab on his way to Singapore and Australia in an effort to establish
a London to Australia record. The map shows the missing airman's
route. (Associated Press Photo)
