# Governor Richards on Campus.
## 
### 
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
Governor \V. A. Richards of Wy
oming visited the campus today
with liia family. He was the guest
of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
