# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
FOUND —A raincoat. Owner can have
same by identifying property and
paying for- this advertisement. Post
Office'addreds, J. M. I)., Stanford.
