# IN THE HOSPITAL
## 
### 
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
The following students were
confined to the Palo Alio Hos
pital last night:
William Hardin
John Card
Walter Carter
Alden Greninger
N. Jakunin-Malushiu
John McGarry
Don L. Ross
Marjorie Robinson
Louis Pellegrini
At Mrs. Morrison's 1 test
Home:
William De Haan
August Fruge
John Thatcher
At Mrs. Owens' Itesl lionie:
Freda Buckingham
Betty Lewton
Bertha Wise
Bern ice Wright
