# COLUMBUS PRISON INFERNO
## 
### 

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.

Investigation w.is opened yesterday on the Ohio penitentiary fire
which took over 300 I'ves Monday night. The cause is unknown, and
prisoners deny having set fire to the fatal G and H cell blocks. Only
one convict escaped.
