# SENATOR WITHDRAWS
## 
### 
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
CHARLESTON, YV. Vii., Aj)iil 22
(/P) —Withdrawnl of United States
Senator Guy I). Coff of West Vir
ginia us a candidate for the lie
publican nomination for re-election
at the fall primaries was announced
here today hy Walter S. Hallanan,
Republican national committeeman
for We.st Virginia. 11l health was
given as the cause for (loft's ac
tion.
