# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
HOT AT
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
i'l MTfifsrH m
I plan on living a long
and healthy life, so I
get regular cancer
checkups. Vou see, the
best time to get a
checkup is before you
have any symptoms.
So take care of
yourself, now. Call or
write your local unit of
the American Cancer
Society for a free
pamphlet on their new
cancer checkup
guidelines.
Because if you're like
me, you want to live
long enough to do
it all.
