# BASKETBALL PLAYERS WILL MEET TOMORROW.
## Squads Will Be Arranged From the Men Interested in the Sport. 
### 
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
All those who are interested in
basketball will meet tomorrow after
noon at 1:45 in Encina gymnasium.
Professor R. It. Long will then dis
cuss the plans for the coming season.
The men taking gymnasium work
who lire interested in basketball will
be grouped into squads. These squads
will be pitted against one another.
This arrangement is due to the in
creased interest which was shown in
basketball during the past semester.
Tn order that the outdoor court will
he in good condition for these games,
it is being inclosed by a fence. This
will keep the ball always in hounds
and will make the game faster. The
work of construction of the fence is
going on at present. With its com
pletion the players will have two
good courts.
