# McFadden Made Police Chief.
## 
### 
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
T. L. McFadden, '00, lias recently
been appointed Chief of Police of Bel
lingham, Washington. He is a former
football star, and has declared his in
tention of introducing training table
methods for the care of prisoners and
adopt field discipline in handling mem
bers of the force. He has been city
attorney of Bellingham for some time.
