# TEACHERS TO APPLY FOR EXAM AT ONCE
## 
### 
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
Applications for the Teachers' Ex
aminations to be held Saturday,
March 19, and the following week,
must be filed not later than Febru
ary 19, according to the anounce
ment received by the Appointment
Service from the office of Frank A.
Bouelle, Superintendent of Los An
geles City Schools.
Prospective kindergarten, ele
mentary, and high school teachers,
physicians, dentists, optometrists,
nurses, and assistant supervisors of
attendance are required to take this
examination. Ali applicants must
have the assurance at the time of
the examination of the necessary
California State Credential, and
must fill out a formal application,
which may be obtained from the
Appointment Service for a fee of
two dollars.
