# CONGRATULATIONS ARE MUTUAL
## 
### 

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'

Congratulations were very much in order for both parties to the
meeting pictured here of Ogden L. Mi'ls Heft.) and Andrew W.
Mellon, whom Mills succeed •; herd of the treasury department,
a post Mellon ro!i-<• ; I in or!<-r to accept appointment as am
bassador tO I'
