# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
10 a.m. Rock, with Sharon
Smith
1:30 p.m. In Simple Terms,
with host Michael
Moroney, will explore
legal aid
2 p.m. Rock, with Dave
Bayer
5:30 p.m. Ken Fields, as
sociate professor of En
glish, will read his
poetry, with host Cheryl
Fujimoto
6 p.m. Salsa, with Carlos
Romero
10 p.m. Rock/Blues, with
Scott Walker
11 p.m. Mysteryis my hobby
