# DEBATE CONGRESS
## 
### 
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
Two Stanford delegates from the
Debate Society will leave tomorrow
for a Student Congress to be held
al St. Mary's.
