# Women Elect Crew Captain.
## 
### 
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
Jean Campbell, MS, has been elected
general captain of women's crew. The
freshmen captain is to be appointed
and tbe other squads will elect their
own captains.
