# Thursday Last Day to Hand in Quad Material
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
Tomorrow is the last day Stanford
organizations have to get pictures,
list ot' members and officers, and
chccks in payment for space in the
hands of the 1918 Quad management.
Pictures and dope may be turned over
to members or tr you tees of the edi
torial staff. Money in payment for
space should be given or sent to Man
ager P. W. Weeks, 'IS, or to his as
sistants.
