# COLLEGE CONGRESS MEETING
## 
### 
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
Planning Committee for next au
tumn's College Congress will meet,
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse tomorrow at 10 a.m. All
interested persons are invited.
