# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
A Stalin prize of 50,000 rubles
was awarded for the invention of a
new variety of cognac called "Ju
bilee."
