# Discussion Today on Student Association
## 
### 
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
Students interested in learning
about the National Student Asso
ciation (NSA) are invited to a
meeting today at 4:30 p.m. in the
Nitery.
