# Union to Sponsor Hayride Barbecue
## 
### 
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
Union Residence will hold a
closed hayride and barbecue to
morrow. A hay truck will leave
Union for Rossotti's at 5 p.m.
"Dancing, food, baseball, and
sparklers will add to the celebra
tion of Independence Day," said
Norma Chaplain. Union Residence
vice-president.
