# Women's Pool Open Over the Holidays
## 
### 
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
w omen's Pool will he open for
the holiday weekend from:5 to 5
on Sunday and Monday after
noons. Children may swim from
to 4.
Faculty members and families
are invited. A 15-cent fee will
be charged everyone except reg
istered Stanford women. The
money is to pay lifeguards and
student police.
