# Physical Examination for Entering Women Tomorrow
## 
### 
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
Physical examinations in the Wo- ]
men's Physical Education department
will be given tomorrow. Entering wo
men are required to submit to the
examination.
Classes in the department begin
Wednesday.

A new Pocock-built racing shell has
been given the University of Wash
ington by a Seattle business man.
