# AUTO ASSOCIATION TO SECURE LICENSE PLATES FOR MEMBERS
## 
### 
With the renewal registration period
opening four weeks earlier than last
year, over 1,400,000' California auto
mobile owners will begin on January 2
the task of replacing their old yellow
and black license plates with the new
blue and white numerals for 1926.
Plates will be issued for four weeks,
the re-registration period closing Jan
nary 30.
The San Jose office of the California
State Automobile Association is now
prepared to handle the registration
requirements of all of its members in
this district, but it has announced
that if members find it more conven
ient to call at some other Association
office they will be served there. All
district branches of the Association
will issue plates except the office lo
cated at Sacramento, the headquar
ters of the Division of Motor Vehicles.
This re-registration service by the
Automobile Association is handled by
experts and by it its members are re
lieved of troublesome correspondence
and possible waiting in line. Last
year over 48,000 members took advan
tage of this convenient service in se
curing their license plates. Due to an
increase in membership of over 10,000
the Association is making plans to
handle approximately 60,000 sets of
plates during the coming renewal
period.
Since registration procedure has
been simplified by legislation only the
white certificate of registration need
be presented this year unless the re
lease of a legal owner is being made at
the time of renewal. In the latter case
both the white and pink certificates
are required. The pink certificate is a
permanent certificate of title and
should be retained by the owner as it
is evidence of his legal title to the
car, and must be produced when the
car is being sold or transferred to a
new legal owner.
