# THANKS UNITED STATES FOR GIFTS TO GERMANS
## 
### 
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
Students of the United States are
thanked for their contribution to the
gift made to German universities in
1921-23 in a letter sent by Reinhold
Schairer, LL.D., head of the German
Students Co-operative Association, to
American universities.

The gift, Schairer says, will be con
sidered as a loan, payments being
placed in an international student
trust fund to be used to meet emer
gencies in education in all parts of
the world.

To secure employment for students
is the main work o fthe German Stu
dents Co-operative Association. Full
time work is secured for students
through this agency, not part-time
work.

Through co-operative cafeterias,
shops, and such organizations, Co
operative Association has reduced the
cost of living for undergraduates near
ly fifty per cent. Loans and scholar
ships help the especially needy
through college.

Hobo Day was recently celebrated
at South Dakota State College at
which both men and women attended.
The women were noticeable for their
untrimmed bobbed hair, while the men
produced a week's growth of beard.
