# D.P.A. Management Will Begin Tryouts Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
Tryouts for the business staff of the
Daily Palo Alto will commence tomor
row and will last through Friday. An
opportunity is offered for a limited
number of underclassmen, either fresh
men or sophomores, to be appointed
to this staff.
The work is entirely of a business
nature, and good training in business
methods is to be had. All who wish to
try out should see the business man
ager of the Daily after 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon at the office near
the Press building.
