# Rev. Slocombe Preaches Sunday.
## 
### 
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
Rev. Samuel Slocombe, who
preaches in the chapel on Sunday
morning, is pro tempore pastor of
the Fourth Congregational Church
of San Francisco, the old Stan-
King Church. Mr. Slocombe is an
Englishman by birth and for a
number of years preached in the
city of London. After traveling
extensively in the South Seas for
his health he settled in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Slocombe has combined
a large amount of literary work
with his ministerial duties, has
been editor of two church publica
tions, and is author of a Gospel
Manual, an arrangement of the
four gospels blended to form a con
tinuous record of the life and
ministry of Christ. His topic for
Sunday morning will be "The
Christ that is to be."
