# Soviet Affairs Expert
## Times Reporter To Speak 
### 
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
Harrison Salisbury, noted for
eign correspondent and author,
will speak on "The Crisis in the
Communist World" tonight at 8 in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Salisbury, a Pulitzer Prize
winner in 1955 for "internal cor
respondence," has been assistant
managing editor of the New York
Times since 1964. First a United
Press correspondent and later New
York Times correspondent in
Moscow, Salisbury is the author
of five books on the Soviet Union.

He jolted the journalistic world
in 1965 by flying into Hanoi on
the UN shuttle flight and publish
ing a series of stories from the
North Vietnamese capital—the
first American newsman to do so.
A graduate of the University of
Minnesota, Salisbury started as a
reporter on the Minneapolis Jour
nal and later became a United
Press (now UPI) correspondent in
St. Paul, Chicago, Washington and
New York.
Salisbury has received both the

George Polk Memorial award and
the Sigma Delta Chi award for
foreign correspondence. In addi
tion to his books on Russia, he is
the author of The Shook Up Gen
eration and The Northern Palmyra
Affair.
His visit here is co-sponsored
by the Committee on Public Exer
cises and the Department of Com
munications.


HARRISON SALISBURY
