# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
\\/
Kfrm,
Ma/u&
"Summer Spice” is every
thing nice! A swim
sheath of elasticized
stripes with demi
cummerbund to belittle
your waist while it
accents all your curves.
8-16, 19.95.
m
Viv '
V \
PIIEEPS
TERKEL
219 UNIV., P.A.
