# FARM VETS TO MEET
## 
### 
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
Discussion <tf the proceedings of
the national convention will high
light the first summer meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the Amer
ican Veterans Committee, tomor
row at 7:!i0 p.m. in the Cellar.
"All student veterans, AVC
members and non-members, are
invited to attend this meeting,"
said Hid) Hoyt, local chairman.
