# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
1 WANT ADS I
<$>
THOROUGHBRED German Police
Pups for sale, 31 County Road, Bur
lingame. Phone Burl. 481 W. F7
FOR RENT — Apartment especially
suited for two or three boys or
girls. Three connecting rooms, heat
ed, nicely furnished, large, sunny
porch. 147 Emerson street. Phone
524-M.
LOST —Fountain pen between Roble
and quad on Friday. Finder please
return to Daily Palo Alto office.
LOST —A pair of gold-rimmed specta
cles between Delta Gamma and Ma- j
drono. Please return to Delta Gamma
house.
LOST —Fountain pen with gold band
between campus and Palo Alto. Own
er cannot do business without it.
Reward. Please call P. A. 1014.
WANTED —Copper-Plate Printer; Un
derclassman preferred. Apply Stan
ford Bookstore. Fl2
LOST —From Sequoia a bicycle with
canvas bookcase; name, Edward
Lloyd, inside. Return to Alpha Delta
House. t FC
