# YALE LEADS INTERCOLLEGIATE BASKETBALL LEAGUE OF EAST
## 
### 
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
Yale is leading the intercollegiate
basketball league with two victories
and no defeats. Princeton, champion
of 1921, is next with three victories
and one defeat and Cornell is third
with two wins out of three games.
Loeb, Princeton guard, leads in in
dividual scoring with 49 points, fol
lowed by Luther of Cornell with 44,
Strom of Columbia with 40, and Cullen
of Dartmouth with 18.
