# SAN FRANCISCO SHOW OPENS FEBRUARY 17
## 
### 
If the plans of Manager George
Wahlgreen are carried out success
fully, the San Francisco Automobile
Show, which will open February 17 in
the Exposition Auditorium, will be the
biggest ever held in the West.
Automobile dealers believe that the
coming twelve months will be the most
prosperous in their history because
California is not only in a period of
prosperity, but cars are priced more
attractively, and added accessories,
mechanical improvements, more power
and greater performance are offered
than before.
t
The artists in charge of the decora
tions predict that the show will be the
most beautiful ever held in America.
The motif will be Oriental.
Closed models will probably pre
dominate as factories are producing
this type in increasing numbers this
year. Sport cars in fancy colors and
with all kins of extra equipment will
come in for a liberal showing, too.
