# MUD LOSES TO SAND IN INFORMAL MEET
## 
### 
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
Pop Harris will surely land on the
financial rocks if the University's
present craze for improvement con
tinues much longer. The mudway run
ning from the Library to the Encina
car stop is no more. At least it is no
more muddy than it used to be. The
University has a new pathway made
with a few loads of gravel beside the
old one. Now the Palo Alto commuters
and campus movie fans are dropping
fewer dimes into Pop's National. Also,
the Dead Sea formerly in front of
Green's gum emporium has been filled
wit ha combination of gravel and sand
discouraging to the mud-pie nidustry.
