# Copies of Constitution Are Free.
## 
### 
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
The copies of the Student Body
constitution, which are ready for dis
tribution, will be given out free of
| charge instead of being sold as for
merly announced.
