# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
Owing to a lack of proper care in
placing danger lanterns along the
ditch running down the center of
Lasuen Street, a carriage with its
occupants was overturned into this
excavation last Saturday night. Al
though no one was seriously injured,
and the horses and vehicle alone
suffered, the victims of the accident
have fortune and not those in charge
to thank for their escape. Just why
a ditch in the middle of the street
and practically the length of the
Quad should not be so marked by
lanterns that such an accident would
be impossible is just as difficult to
explain as the lack of lights on Uni
versity Avenue, but we have learned
that it does no good to protest. On
whom the responsibility for this lat
est outrage rests is a matter of con
jecture; if a careless workman, he
should be discharged. If it is the
result of the indifference of the au
thorities, it is criminal negligence.
With the avenue in darkness and an
unmarked ditch at this end of it,
there is a constant menace to every
one who has occasion to use those
streets after dark. If complaints
receive no attention perhaps a dam
age suit will, and we hope for the
latter as our only means of relief.
