# TARSHIS TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
Dr. Loric Tarshis will discuss
"Economic Planning: The United
Kingdom" as a part of the Econom
ics Department's current series of
lectures this afternoon at 4:15 in
Room 2M.
