# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
The word "calendar" at this sea
eon of the year suggests Christmas
presents. The series of Stanford
bits which the Stanford Young
Women's Christian Association lias
in preparation will, like snatches
of college songs heard in foreign
parts, or the glimpse of a col
lege pin in a railroad train,
carry to many an old student the
thrill and tingle which warm the
heart at the thought of Alma
Mater.
