# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
It is the duty of every man who
can to get over to the game tomor
row and cheer the Freshmen. The
youngsters have worked hard
throughout the season; and they
deserve all the encouragement
which the members of the student
body can give them. It has al
ways been a kind of tradition
among us that no Freshman has a
right to stay away from his inter
collegiate class game. He must go,
if he has to pawn his Inn ticket.
No old student needs to be told
how to get to the match. Take
a Third street car and transfer
down Market to the ferries. Pur
chase a ticket to Berkeley at the
ferry station. Leave San Fran
cisco on the two o'clock boat or
before.
