# Track Men Show Appreciation.
## 
### 
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
The athletes on this year's Var
sity track team have expressed
their respect for and high
appreciation of Captain J. C. Mc*
Caughern by presenting him yes
terda} r with a beautiful gold ring
engraved with his initials.
McCaughern has had many dis
tinctions as track captain. He is
the first man to hold the position
for two years, and he was captain
of the first victorious Stanford
track team. His stand in regard
to training rules is conceded to
have been the best thing done in
Stanford athletics within a college
generation.
