# Law Association Meets.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
At the meeting of the bar asso
ciation held in the quad this morn
ing, definite steps were laken pre
paratory to the annual reunion to
be held on the 21st. There were
committees appointed to arrange
for the festivity as follows : mu
sic, B. P. Oakford, LL. 8., '03;
banquet, F. W. Doan, LL. 8., '03;
decoration, T. Aldereon, LL. 8., '03;
address, E. W. Rice, '03; and re
ception, E. I. Thayer, '03.
A large share of the afternoon of
the 21st will be devoted to the re
union of the association. At three
there will be an address in As
sembly Hall, followed by a recep
tion in the rooms of the Law de
partment. At six the men of the
association and their guests will
banquet.
