# Reunion of Euphronia.
## 
### 
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
The meeting of the Euphronia
Literary Society tomorrow night
will be in the nature of a reunion.
Some of the old Stanford debaters
and members of intercollegiate de
bating teams will be present and
speak.
