# Camping out
## 
### 

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.

Burt Herman — Daily
The largest tent ever erected In North America will be used as a
media center for the World Cup soccer matches held at Stanford
Stadium, which begin June 20. The tent is being raised near the
stadium.
