# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
Liz & Lil
Will buy old records
any size, shape or
form
Come n for information
HAGE'S STANFORD
MUSIC SHOP
266 UNIVERSITY
PHONE: 8315
