# Helen Traubel Sings Best As Contralto
## 
### 
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
The voiee of a great Wagnerian
soprano resounded in Memorial Hall
last night.

But Helen Traubel's four outstand
ing numbers were not of the Wag
nerian variety. They contained no
high C's, no sforzandos or fortissi
mos, no heroics. They were quiet,
contralto selections: Schubert's
"Wiegenlied," two Negro spirituals,
and Fairchild's "A Memory."

Miss Traubel executed them with
exceptional musicianship. Her voice
in its lower registers is rich and full,
and it seems a pity that it must be
perverted to Wagnerian recitative.

With a full symphony orchestra,
the Richard Wagner and the Richard
Strauss on the program would
doubtlessly have been done greater
justice. This is no commentary,
however, on the staccato-styled ac
companist, Coenraad Bos, whose
playing was at all times adequate,
and in his solos brilliant.

Warren D. Allen has said that an
underlying philosophy of Wagnerian
music drama is its glorification of
woman. Aware of the avalanche I
am about to bring down on my head,
it is my opinion that there are few
travesties on womanhood more se
vere than the superhuman vocalizing
Wagner calls upon his heroines to
perform.—Covey
