# Cat-Card Frosh To Hold Picnic
## 
### 
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
A picnic, an open house, a dance,
and entertainment will feature the
annual Californi a- Stanford Fresh
man Day to be held next Saturday
immediately after the "Big Meet."
At the end of the mile relay the
freshmen will adjourn to Lake La
gunita for the pdcnic. Box dinners
will be served from 3:30 to 7 p.m.
Only freshmen will be admitted to
the picnic. They will be identified
by tags distributed by class presi
dents.
At the conclusion of the picnic
the freshmen will return to Encina
and Roble to prepare for the dance
which will be held in the Encina
lobby beginning at 8:30 p.m. Fresh
men in Encina arc requested to fur
nish dressing quarters for all Cali
fornia frosh. A sign-up system will
be enforced at Roble.
Committee chairmen announced
by President Bill Spragins are: Sue
Fields and Bob Mills, reception;
Ewell Sale, Roble sign-ups; Wallace
Smith, food; Dick Qutcault, equip
ment; Bill Sigurdson, picnic enter
tainment; Ed Conn, publicity;
Charles Findeison, dance; Dick Ar
nold and Nancy Pederson, dance en
tertainment; and Ed Taylor, police.
