# Draft resistance and acceptance
## 
### 
John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

John Elway ponders a
question at a news con
ference in San Jose yes
terday after announcing
his decision to turn down
the Baltimore Colts.
Chris Dressel (left) and
Vincent White congratu
late each other after
being drafted.


Artie Streiber/Daily

