# Oratorios to Be Continued.
## 
### 
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
On the first Sunday evening of
February Handel's famous sacred
oratorio, "The Messiah," will be re
peated by the choir and same as
sistants. Owing to the rainy night
last semester many could not hear
the recital, and numerous requests
have been made for its repetition.
On the first Sunday evening of
March the "Hymn of Praise" will
be rendered. Dr. Blodgett's ora
torio, "The Prodigal Son," will be
given in April, and Rossini's "Sta
bat Mater" in May.
