# To Lecture on Japanese Art.
## 
### 
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
Henry P. Bowie, president of the
Japanese Society of America, will
speak in the chapel on Shi Kun
Shi, or "The Four Paragons in
Japanese Art," on Thursday, Jan
uary 18th, at 3:30. The lecture
will be illustrated by Sekko Shi
mada. Bowie lectured here last
October, and the present lecture is
a further discussion of the princi
ples of Japanese art. The students
and faculty are invited to attend.
