# GEOLOGY AND MINING QUARTERLY SMOKER SET FOR THURSDAY
## 
### 
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
Geology and Mining Society will
give its quarterly smoker at 7:30
Thursday evening in the Old Union.
Tyroler's orchestra has agreed to
furnish music. Myron Schall and Rol
lin Farmin will put on the gloves for
a boxing exhibition. D. H. Hamilton,
traveling instructor of the Chicago
police department, will give a jiu-jitsu
demonstration. He will be followed by
two varsity wrestlers who will put on
a bout.
Professors T. J. Hoover, J. P. Smith,
and Eliot Blackwelder are scheduled
for short speeches. The S. A. E. quar
tet will singe a number of popular
songs during the evening. Dwight Rob
erts, chairman of the smoker commit
tee, has announced that plenty of
smokes and real refreshments will be
011 hand for all ravenous members.
There will be a charge of fifty cents
to all non-members attending.
