# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
The rally committee urges all
living groups to practice Stan
ford songs every evening this
week in preparation for the Big
game.
