# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
Wranglers announces the elec
tion of the following:
Katherine Applegate
Charlotte Lovekin
Ruth Montgomery
Isabel Sehanck
