# Meeting of Electrical Engineers Is Postponed
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
The regular meeting of the Stan
ford Student Branch of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers,
which was scheduled for tomorrow
night, has been postponed until the
next meeting night, Wednesday, No
vember 2G.
The lecture last week by Dr. Farley
Osgood was given under the auspices
of the society and took the place of
the regularly fortnightly gathering.
