# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
The Biological Society of the Pacific
will meet at the Hotel Sutter next Sat
urday for dinner. The following pro
fessors f.rom Stanford will speak: G.
J. Pierce, "Plant Respiration;" D. H.
Campbell, "Botanical Meetings;" V. L.
Kellogg, "Variation and Heredity;" W.
K. Fisher, "Marine Biology." This so
e'ety is affiliated with the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science.
