# COUGARS WORK HARD
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
PULLMAN, Wash., Oct. 9.—The
Washington State Cougars put in
two hours of steady drilling this
afternoon on every offense their
scouts have found the University of
Washington Huskies using this sea
son.
The Cougars' coach, Phil Sorboe,
has arranged for private cars to
move his 28 gridders to Seattle
Friday on the assumption that buses
will still be strike-bound.
