# Student Talks On Philippines
## 
### 
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
When a former member of the
Philippine cabinet, was unable to
speak before a class in Far Eastern
studies at Columbia last summer,
Stanford graduate student Trinidad
Rojo was called upon to give an
impromptu lecture recounting his
knowledge of the Philippines. What
started to be a brief speech to fill
in class time developed into an hour
of informative discussion on the
geological, anthropological and his
torical facts about the islands, ac
cording to reports from listeners.
