# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.

By United Press
Vast factories with no ordinary windows for security purposes housed and concealed scientists during
development of the atomic bomb. These Clinton Engineering Works at Oak Ridge, Tcnn., cover a huge
government reservation of 59,000 acres.
