# Today Is Deadline For Daily Tryout Work
## 
### 
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
Daily tryout desk will operate
today for the last time, as pros
pective reporters work to com
plete their eieght-hour require
ment.
Today is also the deadline for
all news stories and any last
minute feature stories, according
to Lisa Ebberts, staff editor.
Editorial staff appointments will
be announced tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in Room 8 of the Journalism
building. Tryoutees who have
completed their assignments will
graduate to cub reporters, re
porters, or copyrcadcrs.
All full-fledged stafT members
will sign the beat-sheet at this
final meeting.
