# HUSKY SHAKE-UP
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
SEATTLE, Oct. 9. — Washington
Football Coach Ralph Welch re
jiggered his backfield today for Sat
urday's game here with unbeaten
Washington State, moving Tacoma's
speedy Bob Nelson into left half and
naming Maurice Stacy, 1941 Husky,
as alternate right half with Norm
Sansregret. Meanwhile the Huskies
were rated as under-dogs, with
scouts reporting the State Cougars'
line "solid timber and twice as
tough."
