# Ohira retains power
## 
### 
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
Tokyo (AP) — Prime
Minister Masayoshi Ohira
narrowly won re-election in
parliament yesterday, turn
ing back a challenge from
former Prime Minister
Takeo Fukuda and other
members of his ruling Lib
eral Democratic Party.
The re-election of the 69-
year-old prime minister, by
a 138-121 vote in a second
ballot in the lower house of

the Diet, ended a month
long power struggle within
the conservative-leaning
party that has governed
japan for 24 years.
Fukuda and the others
demanded Ohira quit be
cause of party losses in
lower-house elections Oct.
7. Ohira refused, saying he
had important legislative
programs to implement.
