# Poloists Lose Two To NMMI; Win One
## 
### 
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
Despite great individual perform
ances by Allen Scherer, the Stan
lord polo team could win only one
of its three games with the New
Mexico Military Institute last week
end.
Scherer scored three goals to take
high scoring honors Friday but the
Indians lost by G to 4. Stanford
was down 5 to 0 at the half, but
their second-half surge fell short.
Saturday, in an indoor match,
Scherer tallied se>)en goals as the
Cards won 11 to 6. Stanford took
an early lead and coasted in. Sun
day, however, returning to the out
doors, NMMI was the winner 7 to 4.
