# Hobson Attends Defense Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, director of
Stanford Research Institute, last
week participated in a Joint Ci
vilian Orientation Conference, ar
ranged by the Department of De
fense.
Purpose of the conference was to
acquaint prominent organizations
with the problems of the nation's
defense program.
