# FIFTEEN SPONSORS FOR ENCINA HALL NAMED BY WILBUR
## 
### 
Fifteen upperclassmen, largely sen
iors and holdovers, have been appoint
ed by President Wilbur as sponsors
for the incoming freshman class in
Encina Hall. In accordance with the
new housing program of the Univer
sity, freshmen will hereafter be quar
tered in a body in Encina Hall where
they will be permitted to work out
their own organization and policies
under the advice of the upperclass
sponsors.
The appointment of sponsors by the
University does away with the neces
sity of an undergraduate election of
"mentors," who will instead act as
sponsors and assume the duties as out
lined in an undergraduate program pro
vided for the benefit of freshmen.
The fifteen men appointed by the
President are not expected to have any
disciplinary functions aside from that
possessed by all upperclassmen in set
ting an example and in making sug
gestions to new men. Tt is assumed
that they will work in close connec
tion with the Men's Council for Stu
dent Control. In return for their ser
vices as "wholesome deterrents of dis
order" they will receive their room
rent free of charge.
In combining the duties of mentors
and sponsors in a unified body the un
dergraduate determination of six
months ago to bring freshman disci
pline to an end is now approaching
realization with the co-operation of the
University authorities. In place of un
organized hazing carried on largely by
members of the sophomore class, such
action as seems necessary in the fu
ture will be cared for by upperclass
men through (he sponsors and mentors
whose policies are formulated by an
undergraduate sponsor committee of
seven.
The names of the fifteen sponsors
appointed by the administration will
be released as soon as the formalities
of acceptance hove been completed.
