# Public Relations Board Offers Movie Discounts
## 
### 
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
The Public Relations Board is
selling Movie Discount Cards |
again this quarter. The cards can
be bought for $1 any afternoon
between 1 and 5 p.m. in the Pub
lic Relations office in the ASSU
building.
Last quarter, there were 31 no
cards sold.
