# Concert Series to Spotlight Baritone Uppman Tomorrow
## 
### 
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
Thcodor Uppman, baritone star
of the Metropolian Opera, will
bo guest artist at tomorrow
night's Concert Series program,
at 8:13 in Memorial Auditorium.
Uppman first came to public
attention in 1951, when he sang
the title role of Benjamin Brit
tens' opera "Billy Budd" at Lon
don's Covent Garden. His Metro
politan debut came in 1953, and
one of his most important suc
cesses came during the 1955-56
season when he portrayed Papa
gano in Mozart's "The Magic
Flute."
Tomorrow's concert will in
clude songs by Beethoven, Han
del. Brahms, Poulenc and Gersh
win, with arias from Verdi's "Hi
goletto" and "La Damnation de
Faust" by Berlioz.
Contrary to previous announce
ments, the Stanford Symphony
will not appear with Uppman.


TIIKODOK HITMAN
Metropolitan Baritone
