# VILLAGE WAS HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
Stanford Village is just a new
name for Dibble General Hospi
tal, active during World War 11.
