# RING WEIGH-IN
## 
### 
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
Weigh-in for men taking part in
the All-University and Novice box
ing tournaments will take place on
Monday, Dec. 1.
