# Student Manager Needed at Village
## 
### 
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
The Village Council lias put up
$250 to add to the gift of 5325 from
the Stanford Mothers' Club for tlir
game room to be set tip next to the
mess hall. This Village Recreational
Center, which will have six pinq
pong tables and four pool tables, is
scheduled lo be opened before win
ter quarter.
The council has authorized the
hiring of a student manager, and
interviews for this position are now
open. Those interested should con
tact the Village Counselor's oflicc
between 9:30 and 10:30 this morning
or this afternoon from 1:30 to 3:30.
