# Christmas Jobs Still Obtainable
## 
### 
Those students interested in se
curing employment for the Christ
mas holidays are urged by Mrs.
Clotilde Edwards, director of the
Student Employment Service, to
contact the service at once in order
that personal interviews can be ar
ranged with the employers for those
students who are going home for
Thanksgiving.
There is post office work open for
veterans in the districts of Santa
Barbara, Santa Rosa, Alameda,
Fresno, Modesto, San Luis Obispo,
Salinas, Long Beach, Sacramento,
Carmel, North Hollywood, and Los
Angeles.
Railway express workers are also
needed in Los Angeles and Holly
wood, and there are department
store positions open in Santa Bar
bara. Los Angeles, and Beverly
Hills.
