# Orderly Big Came Pleases Blacker
## 
### 
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
Carroll Blacker, Superintendent
of Buildings and Grounds, said that
he was greatly pleased and relieved
to find that very little pre - Big
Game damage was done 1o the cam
pus this year.
''1 think the Berkeleyites were
certain of a lop-sided victory on the
gridiron," he said, "and, in view of
this, refrained from all attempts at
painting the Farm blue and gold. As
it turned out, they were quite sur
prised!"
Mr. Blacker said that he was fa
vorably impressed both with this
year's bonfire rally and the Big
Game.
"It was one of the finest bonfires
we have ever had," he said, "and I
hope that all of them in the future
may be as good."'
Mr. Blacker is an alumnus of 1523,
and has seen many years of the
traditional Big Game festivities.
