# Prodigies Subject Of Terman's Book
## 
### 
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
"The Gifted Child Grows Up." a
study of the development of child
prodigies by Lewis M. Terman, pro
fessor emeritus of psychology, will
come ofT the Stanford Press this
week. The book analyzes the ac
complishments of one-time bright
children now approaching middle
age.
