# Relief Committee Seeks Co-chairman
## 
### 
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
Interviews will be held today in
the SfRO shack between 12:30 and
2:30 p.m. for any man interested in
becoming co-chairman of the Stan
ford International Relief Organiza
tion, stated Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirker, the present co-chairmen.
The shack is near the southwest
corner of Encina Commons.
Dirker is leaving school at the
end of the quarter, and a man is
needed to replace him. Miss Shaw
will remain as the other co-chair
man.
Duties of the co-chairmen include
management of the SIRO organiza
tion, the maintenance of a stucturc
of representatives throughout the
living groups, providing the serv
ices of CARE, and supervising the
mailing of SIRO packages.
