# Today Is Deadline For Syllabus Fees
## 
### 
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
''Syllabus fees are due and pay
able Thursday, July 18 (8 a.m. to
12 noon; 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.) after
which an additional charge of $2
will be made (except in cases
where fees are less than $2 the
fine will be equal to the fees).
Registration will be subject to can
cellation if fees are not paid by
July 25. Questions regarding
charges should be submitted to the
Registrar's Office for adjustment
before paying."
