# Stanford Shell Expert Succumbs
## 
### 
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
Mrs. Oldroyd, 83, for 23 years
curator of the famous collection of
shells at Stanford, passed away in
the Palo Alto Hospital Tuesday after
several months of declining health.
The Stanford collection is said to
be the largest collection of modern
shells in any American university
and probably second in size only to
that of the National Museum in
Washington.
