# Organist to Give Bach Recitals
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
Warren D. Allen will continue his
organ recital of Bach's music in Me
morial Church this afternoon at 4:15
o'clock and on Sunday evening at
7:30 o'clock.
Marian Nicholson (Mrs. Louis
Ford) and Elizabeth Peirce will as
sist Mr. Allen on Sunday night in
the Bach recital. The Double Con
certo in F major for two violins and
orchestra will be featured with the
orchestral part played on the organ.
