# Henry Organ
## Stanford has no affirmative action 
### 
Last November, I expressed
my concern about affirmative
action within the University in
general. The sad contents of the
recently released affirmative
action program report for the
Office of Development (OD) for
1979-80 virtually obligate me to
comment on it specifically.
With as much charity as I can
bring forth, the OD's per
formance, in a word, is
abominable.
The report is deliberately am-

biguous in discussing the OD's
performance, specifically with
respect to exempt employees.
Out of a total of 21 new hires,
however new hires is defined,
the OD's numbers show six to be
racial minorities, but in actuali
ty there was only one new racial
minority hired, and the report
so confesses. To quote the un
justifiably boastful report:
. . the overall minority pos
ture for Development Officers
'improved' by one." That is the

bottom line of one year's effort,
one whole year. That is what one
would call an effective pro
gram. That one addition is an in
crease ; it is certainly not an im
provement. If the OD is to ad
dress the concerns about the
lack of minority representation
in the University's middle and
upper management expressed
by President Donald Kennedy
shortly after his inauguration,
exempt positions must receive
more scrutiny than they have
obviously received in the OD.
Further, some of the scant in
formation provided in the states
post report, of the 14 reclass
ifications enacted (exempt and
non-exempt) during the year in
the OD, presumably all up
grades, only two were for racial
minorities. The number of
waivers for exempt and non-ex
empt for the year were reported
to be only three. I seriously
question this report since
waivers have become standard
operating procedure in the OD
for hiring majorities.
There are no basic data pro
vided in the report, such as the
total number of employees in
the OD, by classification or
division, or by race or sex;
absolutely nothing. In the year
before, five new positions were
created by the OD; all filled by
majority. There is no informa
tion on such important parame
ters as this in the summary.
Yet, apparently the Univer
sity's Affirmative Action Office
is quite willing to accept a re
port such as this. The OD's ac
tual performance does amply
suggest however, why a report
about its activities must be
vague and incomplete.
The OD continues to be af
flicted with the same problems,
which the office and its reports
consistently ignore. There is a
strong indication that salary
discrimination, based on sex
and race, exists. The leadership
of the OD, to include its satellite
offices in the schools and de

partments, continues to be dom
inated by majority males, in
spite of a good number of op
portunities to appoint equally
and more qualified racial mi
norities and women. Nepotism
continues, while programs such
as the Youth Opportunity Pro
gram (aimed at the disadvan
taged) are extinct" Recruiting
efforts and finalist pools are
often shams.
These activities are the kinds
that have given the affirmative
action concept the poor image it
now has nationally. The concept
was a viable one, but it has been
destroyed by a mixture of negli
gence, obstructionism, and sab
otage. These malpractices have
now spread to contaminate very
able minorities and women, for
whom the program was meant
to assist.
Not only has the concept been
destroyed; it now brings down
with it its intended benefi
ciaries. This is exceedingly dis
appointing, as one sees ex
amples of gross ineptness by
majority male leaders in some
of the University's activities.
The University and the OD
are not obligated to have an af
firmative action program. If
they are not going to get this
program in gear, it should be
disengaged. To do otherwise, is
to continue to insult minorities
and women, employed, under
employed, and unemployed. For
there is no affirmative action
program in the OD and at Stan
ford; there is an affirmative ac
ting program.
(Henry Organ is Associate Di
rector of Foundations, Office of
Development.)

