# Privacy in California
## 
### 
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
(Continued from page 7)
cited the amendment in the
abortion decision. In contrast to
the 1972 prediction the amend
ment would have no fiscal im
pact, its application in this case
will cost the state about $34 mil
lion a year in Medi-Cal benefits,
officials said.

Aside from the debate over its
application in abortion cases,
the right to privacy itself is
widely recognized in both feder
al and state law. By one recent
count, specific privacy laws ex
ist in 36 states. The legal con
cept of privacy has long been ac
cepted in common law and rec

ognized in one form or another
in all states.

The state Legislature has rec
ognized the right to privacy in
granting adults the right to de
cide to withhold life-sustaining
procedures in terminal illness;
in protecting the confidentiality
of certain student records; in
prohibiting the disclosure of
some business records, and in
repealing laws restricting
private sexual acts between
consenting adults.

The U.S. Supreme Court fre
quently has recognized the right
to privacy but not in the ex

pansive manner of the Califor
nia justices. But that has little
influence on the California
court, which has been at the
forefront of states that have in
voked their own state constitu
tions to grant broader rights to
their citizens.

The justices soon will have
another opportunity to rule on
the issue when they decide
whether the right to privacy is
violated when jail authorities
make surreptitious recordings
of inmate conversations with
visitors. That case is expected
to be argued later this year.
