# Hoover Receives Gift
## 
### 
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
A major gift in support of the
publications program at
Stanford's Hoover Institution on
War, Revolution and Peace has
been announced by the
Institution's director, Glenn
Campbell.
The gift of $25 0,000, in the
form of an endowment, comes
from the J.M. Foundation of New
York, and is designated as an
addition to the Jeremiah Milbank
Publications Fund of the Hoover
Institution. Combined with
previous gifts from the J.M.
Foundation to the fund since

1967, it will bring the total
publications endowment to
$500,000.
Milbank was a friend for 4 0
years and an associate in public
service of the Institution's
founder, Herbert Hoover. Shortly
after World War 11, he gave
financial support to the
establishment of the East Asia
Collection at the Hoover
Institution, and in 196 4
contributed a substantial sum to
the construction of the Lou
Henry Hoover Building adjacent
to Hoover Tower.
