# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
GREY LIGHT
FLANNEL SHIRTS
Hardy enough for any
rough. Nicely cut, too.
The material is that
lightweight flannel —
exactly the thing for
spring.
$3
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
