# Fiesta Committee Calls For Greek Ode Composers
## 
### 
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
Can you think music that will fit a
Greek ode? If so, write it down im
mediately.
All students interested in composing
music for the Greek choral odes to
be used in the Fiesta are asked to
meet next Tuesday at 5 p.m. in the
Women's Clubhouse. Copies of the
words to the odes will be given out
at that time.
Copies of the odes may also be se
cured from Carol Hyd-e at lloble. All
compositions must be submitted by
March 1.
The contest will be conducted under
the auspices of the Fiesta Committee.
