# DOES GRINDING PAY?
## 
### 
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
High pressure study brings propor
tionate fatigue. One way to relief is
a ride to Paly for on<e of those much
talked-about sweet waffles at. the Uni
versity Creamery, next to the Stan
ford Theatre. —Adv.
