# L.I.U. WHIPS DE PAUL
## 
### 
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
HAMILTON, N.Y., Jan. 15 (UP).
—Long Island University's red hot
basketball team handed DePaul
University a 44 to 30 defeat here
last night.
