# FIGHTS FOR BRITAIN IN AFRICA
## 
### 

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.

ONE REASON for the recent Italian defeats in Africa is the ferocity of Sudanese warriors which are fight
ing for the British. Here a non-commissioned oflicer of one of the Sudanese regiments gives the camera
an idea of how the Italians sec them.
