# DEFENSE STRIKES END
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
DETROIT, Jan. 16 (UP).—Federal
Conciliator James F. Dewey tonight
announced settlement of strikes
which have tied up vital defense
and automotive production at five
plants of the Eaton Manufacturing
Company.
