# PROTEST RADIO BOYCOTT
## 
### 

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.

STUDENTS OF the University of California at Los Angeles burn 300
old radios in a huge bonfire demonstrating against barring college
songs from radio networks as part of the ASCAP controversy. The
students said ASCAP had given free release on all college songs but
that networks refused to play them.
