# MORE RAIN COMING UP
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15 (UP).—
Weather forecast for the San Fran
cisco Bay Region—lncreasing cloudi
ness Thursday followed by rain be
ginning Thursday night or Friday;
little change in temperature; gentle
variable wind becoming southerly.
