# FORD INSPECTS PLANE PLANT
## 
### 

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.

EDSEL FORD, loft, president of the Ford Motor Co., is shown as he
inspected the Douglas Aircraft Plant at Santa Monica, Calif., during an
inspection tour of aircraft methods. Ford announced recently that his
firm would co-operate in plane production if plans were worked out.
With him are Donald Douglas, center, president of the Douglas plant,
and Dr. C. E. Sorenson, production manager of the Ford Motor Co.
