# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
Recently a student at. Fort Scott,
Kan., collected $2750 for injuries
obtained in a class light under the
state mob law.
