# Student Released By East Germany
## 
### 
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
Robert F. Mann, a Stanford
sophomore, was released by the
East German Police yesterday
after serving 21 months in a
Brandenberg prison for aiding the
escapes of students to West Ber
lin.
Mann went to Stanford's Ger
man Study Center near Stuttgart
in June 1961 and after completion
of his six-month session there,
was arrested in East Berlin on
January 22, 1962. Mann, age 20,
is a physics major.
