# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
I
Now Is the Time
To Buy a Camera
To make room for our
Christmas stock we are
closing out—l 5 new East
man cameras.
from 25% to
33V3% off
David Keeble
323 University
||1 I
