# THREE KILLED IN FIRE
## 
### 
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
FRUITA, Colo., Oct. 23 (UP).—A
mother and her two children were
burned to death at their farm home
near here today after the mother
apparently battled vainly to remove
burning clothing from her son and
daughter and as a result igni(ed her
own clothes.
