# AFTER 10 SLAIN
## Sheriff's Guns Bring Teenage Killer to Bay 
### 
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
DOUGLAS, Wyo. (/Pj- Charles
Starkweather, 19, runty Nebraska
gunman sought in 10 brutal kill
ings, was raptured yesterday in
the badlands near this Wyoming
eowtown.
He suffered head cuts during a
spate of gunfire with a deputy
sheriff. With Starkweather was
Caril Fugate, the 11-year-old girl
who fled with him from Lincoln,
Neb., where police said he had
killed nine people with gunfire.
Included among the victims were
Caril's parents.
A 10th murder victim was
found not far from where Stark
weather was captured, and sher
iff's men said he admitted tiie
killing.
Deputy sheriff Hill Homer said
the green-eyed gunman, who likes
to swagger in cowboy boots and
black motorcycle jacket, had made
a crude attempt to disguise his
flaming red hair with shoe polish.
The bloody trail began less than
18 hours ago in Nebraska when
(lie slaying of Caril Fugate's par
ents and infant half-sister was dis
covered. As police pressed inves
tigation, other Nebraska killings
were disclosed until the grisly
total reached nine.
The hunt was started for Stark
weather, but he and the girl es
caped a frantic search that saw
National Guardsmen culling the
byways of Lincoln.
After his capture Starkweather
snarled: "They wouldn't have
caught me if I hadn't stopped.
