# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
Yale has scored twice by field goals
this season, Harvard seven times, and
Princeton once.
