# PROFESSOR CAMPBELL GIVES FIRST OF LECTURE SERIES
## "Facts Governing Plant Distribution" Is Topic of First of Three Addresses. 
### 
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
Professor I). H. Campbell, of the
Botany department, gave the first of
bis series of lectures concerning plant
distribution tbis afternoon. The sub
ject of this lecture was "Factors Gov
erning Plant Distribution."
The speaker said in part: "Distri
bution in early geological time was
mors uniform than at present. As
conditions have changed, plants have
become more varied and less uniformly
distributed. The factors causing these
changes are: climatic changes, changes
in the great land areas, and the condi
tion of natural barriers, as deserts,
Today the most evident factors are:
natural barriers, and wind and water.
Man has caused a wider distribution.
The rapid settlement of the world, in
the last hundred years, has affected
universally the character of vegeta
tion."
