# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
Shortbridge, an Alaskan Indian
chief, has matriculated at Pennsylva
nia.
