# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
President Van Hise, of Wisconsin,
recently declared in favor of all
Freshmen wearing a green button lo
distinguish them from upperclassmen.
