# Dr. Don Clark
## 
### 
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
Dr. Don Clark, prominent Bay Area
psychologist and author of the
bestseller Loving Someone Cay will
be speaking informally and answer
ing questions today at 7:30 p.m. in
the Old Firehouse, second floor.
Sponsored by the Gay People's Un
ion, this evening of discussion is
open to everyone.
