# Night editing
## 
### 
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
Learn to night edit and lay out the
tront page of the Daily at a training
session Irom 2:15 to 4 p.m. Friday,
Jan. 26, in the Daily office, across
from the Terman Engineering build
ing. Free abuse will be provided.
