# NomCom applications
## 
### 
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
Students interested in serving on
the ASSU Nominations Committee
should pick up an application and
position description at the ASSU Of
fice, Tresidder Union, second floor.
Applications are due 4 p.m. Tuesday,
|an. 30.
