# Athletic Meetings
## 
### 
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
RUGBY MEETING
There will be a meeting for
anyone interested in playing
rugby today at 7:30 in Room
350 in Encina Gym.
