# Broncos to Play In Orange Bowl
## 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., Nov. 22 (IP) â€” The
University of Santa Clara football
team, twice beaten and once tied,
was named today to play in the
Miami Orange Bow! classic Jan. 2.
Santa Clara will be the first Cali
fornia team ever to play in the
Orange Bowl and it will be the
Coast eleven's third appearance in
a major bowl. Santa Clara defeated
Louisiana State in the Sugar Bowl
at New Orleans on January 1, 1937,
by a score of 21 to 14; and the next
year against the same team in the
same bowl, 6 to 0.
Van C. Kusrow, chairman of the
Orange Bowl schedule committee,
made the announcement after catch
ing the team by telephone at Santa
Barbara. The Broncos were en route
home from a game with Oklahoma.
