# History Essay Prize Planned
## 
### 
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
The second annual history essay
contest, sponsored by the Beta Beta
chapter of Phi Alpha Theta, na
tional honorary history fraternity,
will be held at Stanford during
winter quarter.
Essays will be judged on the basis
of general excellence and scholarly
merit, and the $100 Phi Alpha Theta
prize will be awarded during spring
quarter.
Essays on a historical subject must
be between 5,00(J and J),000 words in
length, and must be submitted type
written before the end of winter
quarter. A short descriptive para
graph must be turned in before
February 1, 1950, for approval by
the judges.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students except members of Phi Al
pha Theta, and will be judged by
two members of the faculty in his
tory, one member of the faculty at
large, and four members of the Beta
Beta chapter.
For additional information, stu
dents should see George A. Fryk
man in Room 200 D or E. 11. Brooks
in Koom 200 A in the History Build
ing.
