# Waldorf Endorses COP for Bowl Bid
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 22 (JP)—
Big, genial Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf,
whose California Bears are set for
the Rose Bowl, stepped forward to
day to lend a hand to another un
defeated, untied football team—the
College of the Pacific—in its quest
for a bowl game.
The victorious California coach
took time out to dictate a telegram
to the officials of another major
bowl, not now identified. He au
thorized the sending over his name
of the following:
"I would like to suggest the Col
lege of the Pacific to your consid
eration for your bowl game. They
have an outstanding record. They
can hold their own in the best of
company. Pacific is a very colorful
team with a big line, outstanding
backs, and a great quarterback in
Eddie Le Baron. If you are able to
consider them I am sure you will
not regret it. I will be glad to have
you call me for further informa
ton."
