# Students' Guild.
## 
### 
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
The Students' Guild has received
a large supply of drugs and reme
dies which will he given out to
members at the dispensaries upon
the presentation of membership
cards. Owing to the fact that the
drug supplies were delayed the
officers of the association have ex
tended the time when members will
he received from February Ist to
February 15th. Miss K. R. Kip,
'03, Miss Olga Tarhell, '04, Frank
Hess,'o3, Hans Balkan,'o4,and J.B.
Burcham, '02, will receive dues.
The dispensary will he open as
follows: Daily, 1 to 1:30 and 2:30
to 3 in the women's waiting-room
under the Library, and room 9o
quad. Sick-room outfits will be
sent to members on request of at
tending physician, and nursing or
messenger service will be furnished
after application to the secretary of
the association.
