# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
The editors of the Quad are hav
ing considerable trouble in obtain
ing art work for the annual from
the undergraduates. Just at pres
ent the number of persons in the
University who are able to do such
work is exceedingly small, or the

talent is so hidden that those who
are looking for Quad material are
unable to discern it. It is a part
of each student's duty to do what
he can to make the annual fittingly
representative of Stanford literary
and artistic taste. Undoubtedly
there are capable artists and writ
ers in the upper classes who have
never submitted any of their work
to tbe college publications. It is
also remarkable that but a small
number are contesting for the prize
story. With the Quad in need of
material, every Stanford artist and
writer should respond.
