# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
Sincere regret attaches to the
announcement that Dr. Angell will
not be able to address us tomorrow.
Aside from his position as presi
dent of one of the greatest of Amer
ican universities, he occupies an
eminent position in the world at
large, and a lost opportunity to
hear this man is Bincerely to be re
gretted. There is a possibility that
Dr. Angell may come here at some
future time, and it will be greatly
to our advantage if we are later
given a chance to listen to this
distinguished gentleman.
