# Elmer is Assisting Scribner.
## 
### 
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
A. [). E. Elmer, who left the
University last semester for the
Philippines to assist E. B. Cope
land, formerly instructor ill Bio
nomics, in a botanical survey of
the inlands, is now in Manila. Me
is not to be associated with Mr.
Copeland, but will assist Professor
F. Lamson Scribner, chief of the
United Suites Bureau of Agricul
ture in the Philippine Islands.
Elmer was graduated from the
Washington Agricultural College in
1895), and whs an assistant in sys
tematic botany at Stanford last
semester, lie is now.doing thesis
work and will probably take his
master's decree in June.
