# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
I
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say It.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
Ccngion K Cromt
IT PI T I D NIRI
,
*
