# Weather Favors Track; Lag Loses
## 
### 
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
The weatherman has promised I
track, baseball, and swim fans fair j
and mild weather for the weekend. {
with moderate westerly winds to j
keep up the reputation of the Stan- t
tord stadium.
Stray drops of the Bay Area's first :
April shower hardly got the ground ;
wet yesterday, and fleeting clouds ;
left little hooe for Lake Lagunita,
where the depth around the boat- j
house is down to about 4 1 ,2 feet.
The lake has 79.5 million gallons
remaining after losing two million '
yesterday.
