# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON

BUD HELD, the greatest javelin thrower Stanford has produced, will
he one of the many track greats appearing tomorrow in the nip-and
tuck Stanford-USC track meet.


'DINK*' TEMPLETON
