# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
[if you won't I
readthese
7 signals
of cancer...
You probably have
the Bth.
1 • Change in bowel or
bladder habits
Si A sore that does not
heal
3* Unusual bleeding or
discharge
Thickening or lump
in breast or elsewhere
5. Indigestion or diffi
cultv in swallowing
6* Obvious change in
wart or mole
7. Nagging cough or
hoarseness
A fear of cancer that
can prevent you from
detecting cancer at an
early stage A stage
when it is highly cur
able Everyone's afraid
of cancer, but don't let
it scare you to death
American Cancer Society
