# Two-China policy stirs Asia
## 
### Associated Press 
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
Around the globe. Ronald Reagan's election
landslide came largely as a surprise that left
some concerned about his conservative policies,
others pleased that a new leadership would take
over in Washington and still others unsure what it
means.
In world money markets, the value of the dollar
went up and stock markets in some West Europe
an capitals experienced rallies, apparently in the
belief Reagan will turn the U.S. economy around.
Firecrackers exploded in the streets of Taiwan,
seat of the Nationalist Chinese government which

favors Reagan's "two-Chinas" policy. In a
statement, the Nationalist Foreign Ministry in
Taipei said it anticipated new ties with the United
States. Those ties had grown cold when President
Jimmy Carter set up diplomatic relations with
Beijing in 1979. after breaking them with Taiwan.
The government in Beijing on the mainland ex
pressed guarded hope the concessions it had won
from the United States previously on the Taiwan
issue would not be set aside by the Reagan admin
istration.
It is not yet known what the Reagan adminis
tration's policy will be regarding the recognition
of the People's Republic of China.
