# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
From sill accounts the Stan ley -
Taylor Co. of San Francisco is re
sponsible for the long delay in the
receipt of the song-books, which
were promised by Friday of last
week.
