# Applications for Positions Due.
## 
### 
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
Students who desire to register for
University positions in January may
obtain application blanks from the ap
pointment secretary in room 11S. Re
quests must be filed by November 10th
with Susan R. Bristol, appointment
secretary.
