# American Shippers Protest Seizure.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington, Oct. 29. —The four
American copper companies whose
cargoes were seized by the British at
Gibraltar have been notified of the
seizure by the State Department. They
have requested that a protest be made
by the Un'.ted States government. The
American consul at Gibraltar has been
asked to report upon the matter. The
vessels sailed from New York.
