# Adventure Into Wilde
## 
### 
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
Rehearsals are in full swing
for "The Importance of Being
Earnest," Ram's Head Board's
first summer show.
The production of Oscar
Wilde's satire opens a four
night run in The Nitery on
Wednesday, July 27.
The decision of Stanford's
student dramatists to "go sum
mer-stock" was inspired both
by the Festival atmosphere en
veloping the campus, and the
desire to take advantage of the
unique blending of talents and
interests held by members of
Stanford's summer community.
Members of the cast are
Henery Fairbanks, Suzy Stan
ley, John Harris, pia Shandel,
Dorothea Robinstein.
Also Nancy Hickox, Bob John
son, Arthur Hastings, William
E. Williams, Lewis Harwood,
Paul Jamon, Nancy Jackson,
Bonnie Westland and Lindi
press.
Ram's Head's venture into
"summer - stock" follows a
year of productions in contem
porary theater. Breaking away
from the traditional Winter
Quarter production on the Main

Stage of Memorial Auditorium,
Ram's Head staged a presenta
tion of "Lysistrata," mfxing
Aristophanes' lyric verse with
an original rock-and-roll
score. Produced in the Little
Theatre, interaction between
the cast and audience was high
lighted by an on-stage "Spar
tan-style Shindig."
Spring Quarter, Ram's Head
again broke precedent and
moved to The Nitery, Stanford's
most intimate theater, located
in the Old Union Building on
White Plaza.
For "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest," the group has
elected to use The Nitery. The
three-quarter staging offered
by the 93-seat theater lends
the feeling of being "right
there" and increases audience
rapport with the play's contem
porary British settings.
Directing "Earnes" is Rob
Dwan. Usually found on the
other side of the footlights,
Dawn played the lead in "Val
paraiso." "Summer-Stock"
producer is Ram's Head Board
President William E.Williams.
