# WE'RE FROM MISSOURI
## 
### 
With the opening of the flfty-nintli
minute of the eleventh hour remain
ing in the alloted registering period,
the unexplainable twine of legal
tangle that envelops voting rights of
Stanford students is slowly beginning
to unravel. According to a letter re
ceived from Attorney-General Webb,
both past court decisions, and the
Political Code uphold local suffrage
privileges. Final action now rests
with County Clerk Pfister of Santa
Clara.
* * » * * * * »
For the past ten years the county
clerk has ilatly denied that there even
existed any grounds for allowing stu
dents to vote, for the reason that they
were non-supporting. When this bub
ble burst, two weeks back, the matter
of residence was brought up as an
other supposedly irremovable ob
stacle. The latest interpretation of
the law by California's attorney-gen
eral knocks the wind out of this last
argument against Stanford students
exercising the right of ballot.
********
Secret voices have whispered the
accusation against county authorities
that they fear another Hock of votes
introduced into the county would dis
arm them of their political big-stick,
since an intelligent vote might prove
a controlling factor in the county
elections. Naturally, this indictment
is denied by both Mr. Pfister and Mr.
O'Neil. An affirmative decision in the
Stanford wrangle will endorse this
denial; on the other hand, the appli
cation of the steam roller upon uni
versity suffrage rights will leave the
charge an open issue.
********
Justification of viewing the situa
tion in this light is upheld by the
weight of Attorney-General Webb's
opinion, California law, and the exist
ing practice regarding student ballot
in this state. A mind of rather com
prehensive nature, that stretches like
a rubber band, is required to opine
simultaneously that the University of
California should be granted the right
to vote while Stanford balloters are
retained on the naval reserve.
