# MUN Applicant Deadline Today
## 
### 
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
Student applications for Model
United Nations delegates are due
today at 7 p.m. at the Institute
of International Relations shack,
according to delegation chairman
Karen Erickson. Application
blanks may still be picked up at
the lIR shack.
Those students applying may
also sign up for interviews which
will be conducted tomorrow from
1 to 6 p.m. at the new Inter
national Center. Two interviews
will be held, both on Wednesday.
The applicants' qualifications,
abilities and interests will be con
sidered in the first interview.
Knowledge of world affairs will
be determined by the second in
terview in which the applicant
will be asked to discuss a broad
question on world affairs.
Knowledge of international
problems is not an absolute req
uisite, Miss Erickson stressed.
Stanford will represent the
United Stales at the 1958 Model
United Nations to be held at the
University of Washington in
April.
