# Adlai to Assist Ike As Polity Adviser
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (/Pt — Adlai E.
Stevenson set up shop in the
State Department yesterday, ap
parently unruffled by some bi
partisan sniping at his decision
to help President Eisenhower
strengthen the Atlantic Alliance.
The former Illinois governor,
defeated by Eisenhower in the
19.12 and 1956 presidential elec
tions, met for one and a half
hours with Secretary of State
John Foster Dulles. Stevenson
pronounced the session "very en
couraging."
It was Stevenson's debut as
Democratic consultant on Eisen
hower's program to draw the
North Atlantic Treaty closer to
gether in the face of Russia's
new scientific • propaganda ad
vances.
