# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Drs. Cochran £r
Wmdeler
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
j P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
raaowumnmiiKaMmHuiaaiMaM*
44 HOME OF THE
FAMOUS
PENINSULA
MILKSHAKE"
BE ONE OF THE MANY
TO ENJOY OUR
SHAKES
| PENINSULA
j CREAMERY
167 HAMILTON
