# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
• C'ose to the Campus
CALL P A. 7632
. . 1
