# MANILA UNDER MARTIAL LAW
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. H (UP). - The
Japanese have declared martial law
in Manila and a Nipponese military
commander has been appointed gov
ernor of the Philippines capital and
its immediate surroundings, accord
ing to a Singapore radio broadcast
heard by the NBC listening post
here today.
The Singapore announcer said a
Filipino puppet mayor had been ap
pointed by the Japanese as nominal
head of Manila.
