# 'Opera' Tryouts Start Tonight
## 
### 
Tryouts for "The Beggar's Opera,"
to be given March 5, 6, and 7 in Me
morial Theater, will be held at 7:30
in the Little Theater tonight and
Monday night.
According to Director F. Cowles
Strickland, "Beggar's Opera" is a
gay, light comedy with music that
promises to provide a great deal of
entertainment.
Although good voices are needed
for the main leads, students who
cannot sing are urged to try out.
Many of the songs can be said to
music instead of sung, Strickland
said, and there are a great many
roles in the play to be filled.
''The Beggar's Opera" is an 18th
century musical comedy, written by
John Gay, concerning a band of
high-class brigands and the trouble
the leader of the company has with
two charming young ladies.
