# Autoists: Get '42 Plates by Feb. 4
## 
### 
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
Wartime distractions seem to be
making many motorists forget that
they must renew automobile regis
tration for 1042 or soon face unpleas
ant penalties in the shape of in
creased fees. Applications are lag
ging far behind the usual volume,
according to the California State
Automobile Association.
After Feb. 4 registration fees will
be doubled, $6 instead of $3, and 50
per cent will be added to the vehicle
license fee levied at the rate of
$1.75 per $100 of car valuation.
