# NO RECESS FOR POLITICS
## 
### 
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 8 (UP).—
Clarence Buddington Kelland, au
thor and Republican National Com
mittee publicity chairman, today as
sailed "those who advocate a politi
cal x-ecess" and charged "the only
check upon any administration is a
strong, able opposition political
party."
