# U.S. TURNS TO "WAR TIRES"
## 
### 

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.

THESE MOUNTAINS of old tires will be used to make "war tires. - ' The regenerated rubber is nol
comparable with crude rubber, so purchasers are advised not to drive over 35 miles an hour with them
The scene above is at the Goodyear plant, Akron, Ohio.
