# BRUIN GAME CANCELED
## 
### 
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
Kenneth Priestley, University of
California graduate manager, stated
today that the California-U.CX.A.
freshman football game scheduled
Saturday at Los Angeles was can
celed today because the Bruins have
not had a large enough turnout for
frosh grid to compose a team.
