# GOVERNOR TO SEE GAME
## 
### 
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
Washington State College's foot
ball squad put on a real show in j
their practice today when they
learned that Governor Arthur B.
Langlie would be their guest at the
Homecoming game with the Uni
versity of Washington Saturday.
