# Crawford Accused
## 
### 

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv

CLAUDE C. CRAWFORD (lower),
mayor of Santa Monica, confers
with Attorney Mclnernv
