# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
Summer
CHARTERS
San Francisco -
New York
June 17 — $90
New York-
San Francisco
Sept. 11 - $90
ALSO
Sept. 25-$93
Both flights are
one way propeller flight
on United Airlines
Contact:
ASSU
TRAVEL SERVICE
ASSU OFFICE
Open 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
321-2300, ext. 4437
