# "Chaparral" Out Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
The third number of the Chap
arral will be on sale tomorrow. Its
contents are varied and spicy. A
page edited by a Collective Junior
will no doubt be good reading to
the third-year men. Miss 1. A.
Wright, '04, and Miss Clara Lath
rop, '05, contribute a light lyric,
which takes the place of the usual
full-page drawing. Both the verse
and the drawing are well done.
Editorially the University of
California is advised to postpone
celebrating the victory until after
the game.
Randall William Borough's
name appears on the Chaparral
staff. Since Bristow Adams left in
1901, Borough has done the princi
pal art features of the paper, and
has helped greatly in giving a fin
ished tone to the paper's drawings.
His name has not appeared on the
staff because of his absence from
college, but knowing of his intend
ed return this year a vacancy was
left for him at the annual election
last spring.
