# Y.M.C.A. Lecture.
## 
### 
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
The regular Tuesday evening lec
ture under Y. M. 0. A. auspices
will be held in room 23 tomorrow
night, instead of in the chapel as
usual. H. A. Moran, ? 04, will ad
dress the men on thesubject "Christ
and Nicodemus."
