# No Action on Assessments.
## 
### 
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
No action has } ? et been taken by
the University regarding the levy
ing of an assessment upon the
members of the Inn Club, because
the creditors of the organization
have not come to any agreement
among themselves. Jt is thought
that by the end of this week the
affairs of the club may be brought
to a close. It is understood that
Dr. Jordan lias come to a decision
as to the limited-liability clause,
hut no official announcement has
yet heen given out.
