# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
SEA OF RECORDS •
w
m
Our stock includes a >
larger select-ion than q
ever before of the fol
lowing labels: 50
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox >
Capitol 5
Telefunken 73
m
London q
International 2
O
L'Oiseau-Lyre
Mercury
RCA-Victor
EP ' C m
Columbia >
SPECIAL:
Westminster ™
12-inch o
$2.98 g
SEA of -
RECORDS t
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL ""
REDWOOD CITY
m
116 Ninth Street O
San Francisco 5
73
O
Open Sunday J
