# WAA BOARD
## 
### 
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
There will he a WAA Board meet
ing tonight at 7 in the Women's
Gym.
