# Once Around the Quad
## Religious Notices CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS 
### 
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
'Die Congregational Student Fel
lowship will meet Sunday evening
at 7:30 to hear Kev. Read speak on
"The Meaning of Prayer" at 710 Al
yaraijo Street.
