# Polio Foundation Grants Available
## 
### 
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
The National Foundation for In
fantile Paralysis announces the
availability of predoctoral and post
doctoral fellowships to candidates
whose interests arc research and
teaching in fields related to prob
lems of poliomyelitis.
Virology, biochemistry, biophys
ics, orthopedics, pediatrics, neurol
ogy, and epidemiology are some of
the fields open.
Eligibility requirements include
United States citizenship and sound
health. Predoctoral applicants must
be candidates for an M.D., Ph.D.. or
its equivalent.
Sample application forms arc
available in the Dean's office. For
complete information, write: Divi
sion of Professional Education, Na
tional Foundation for Infantile Pa
ralysis. 120 Broadway, New York 5,
N.Y.
