# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
Palo Alto Hospital—John Arnold,
Fouad Taher, Roger Summit, Wil
liam McPhcrson. David Herdman,
Sidney Walton, Henrik de la Cha
pelle.
Men's Rest Home — Merrill An
derson, Roderick Steele, David Ep
person. Bernard Low, Perry Roehl.
Women's Rest Home — Nan Hen
derson, Irene Dorris, Diane Soder
strom, Mary Glassbrenncr, Susanne
Cramer, Jeanne Brothers.
