# SAVE A LIFE
## Blood Bank On Campus For Donors 
### 
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
Stanford students will have an
opportunity to give blood for Korea
on Wednesday, Jan. 31, when a mo
bile blood bank from San Jose will
be at the Women's Clubhouse on
campus from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
In anticipation of the event, which
was arranged by the Palo Alto Area
Chapter of the Red Cross after a
request by ASSU, Excom last night
appointed John Gallagher and Joan
Wilson to arrange the signing up of
students for half-hour appointments
to donate blood on that day.
Gallagher said last night that ap
pointment booths will be set up on
campus "within one or two weeks of
the 31st." He said that students be
tween the ages of 18 and 21, who
need parental consent to give blood,
will also be able to pick up the ap
propriate forms to send home at the
booths.
Following the 31st, Stanford stu
dents may give blood on the third
Wednesday of each month at the
Palo Alto Community Center, where
the San Jose unit will be stationed.
The Red Cross plans to collect a
minimum of '200 pints of blood dur
ing its first day on the campus. Ac
cording to the organization, this
means at least 250 to 300 donors to
allow for rejections, missed appoint
ments, etc. Donors are instructed
not to eat four hours prior to do
nating, except for black coffee or
fruit juices.
Students over 21 may give blood
without permission if they are in
"good general health" and weigh a
minimum of 110 pounds. Every do
nor is checked for blood pressure,
pulse, hemoglobin, etc., and a medi
cal rccord taken before blood is
taken. The age limit is 60 years.
Nurses' aides, canteen workers.
Gray Ladies, and motor service
workers from the Palo Alto Red
Cross will also be on hand at the
Women's Clubhouse to aid the
blood-taking staff of physicians and
trained nurses.
