# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
40 INDIANS
m
Surely, one of the real
heritages of the West
is the 100 - year plus
firm of Levi Strauss,
who got their start
making pants of sail
cloth for miners, with
rivets yet. And now,
they’ve come up with
new “Levi s ’, very
slim fit with belt
loops in both tan and
green. R A has a new
shipment with a com
plete range of sizes to
fit one and all. No
college wardrobe is
complete without a
pair or two of Levi’s
—at R A, only 4.25
per pair.
%
«
«
■
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
i
1
RQQS/ATKINS
*
