# Luncheon Will Honor Top Senior Engineers
## 
### 
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
Twelve seniors will be honored
tomorrow at the fourth annual
School of Engineering awards
luncheon to be held at the Pi
oneer Hotel in Woodsidc. These
students, representing the top
five per cenl of engineering sen
iors. will each be presented with
a $5O check by Doan Joseph M.
Pettit.

Six award winners are electri
cal engineering majors: Walter
Bass, George Elcrding, Roy
Evans, Carroll Norris Jr., Edwin
Senior, and Calvin Teague. Me
chanical engineering majors in
clude Neil Cooperrider, F. Glen
Odell, and David Thomas.

Others are Richard Campbell,
civil engineering, Kerry Dance,
engineering science, and Mark
Matovich Jr„ chemical engineer
ing.
