# Adv. 4 Page 4
## 
### 
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
couples
conic to
Carlyle Jewelers
for tlicir
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USH
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carl vie's prices arc never
higher and in most instances,
are suhstantiallv lower than
prices elsewhere for tin 1
same /inequality Diamonds,
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhilp
J JEWELCPI
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
