# Bookstore to Close Credit Sales to Vets
## 
### 
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
Credit sales to veterans enrolled
under the provisions of P.L, 346 or
P.L. 1(5 will be closed at the Book
store after 12 noon of March 8. ac
cording to D. I. McFaddcn, chief ac
counting officer.
Veterans' identification cards is
sued for winter quarter will not be
valid after that time, but returning
students may reopen accounts on
March 31.
