# Judges Appointed In Poetry Contest
## 
### 
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
Poetry contest judges for the Phe
lan Awards in Literature and Art
for 1947 have been chosen, accord
ing to the trustees of the James D.
Phelan Estate.
