# BASHAM LEADS JAYVEES
## 
### 
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
With Dave Basham playing first
singles, the Stanford Junior Varsity
tennis squad lakes on Modesto Jun
ior College on the Varsity Courts
tomorrow noon. Norm Christianson,
Tom Huffman, Warren Lowenbein,
Walker Wallace, Doug Tuck, and
Grover Miller round out tomorrow's
Jayvee lineup.
