# Decision Due On Memorial
## 
### THOMAS CARPENTER 
Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

Memorial Fund Committee will
meet tomorrow at 10 a.m. in an ef
fort to reach some decision on Stan
ford's war memorial project, ac
cording to Thomas P. Carpenter,
general secretary of the University.
"flie oommittee will meet in his
office, Carpenter said, and as it is
not a closed meeting, any interested
students may attend.
Discussion will evolve around a
series of committee polls made here
and at other universities for project
ideas, he said. They will also re
view the findings of the Student
Union Committee poll made last
quarter of the campus living groups.
Carpenter said the results of off
campus polls have proved unsatis
factory; finding a suitable idea for
a memorial to Stanford's war dead
remains "one of the biggest prob
lems ol the committee."

