# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
It is important that all men who
Intend to be in the rooting section
on the clay of the Intercollegiate
game with California should be in
their seats at the Vancouver con
test tomorrow. Aside from the ne
cessity of strong support in this
same, tlie yell-leaders have planned
to practice certain features to be
used November 9 and unless a large
proportion of the rooters are pres
ent it will be impossible to carry
out this idea.
