# Stanford Orators Take First Plate
## 
### 
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
Dan Kremer and Woody Moyle
shared first place debate honors
in the Nevada Great Western
forensic tournament April 7, 8
and 9 with teams from the Uni
versity of Southern California
and the University of Oregon.
Kremer took first place in the
oratory division of the tourna
ment held in Reno. Thirty-eight
teams from 21 western universi
ties participated.
Kremer and Moyle debated tire
topic "Resolved: That Congress
should have the power to reverse
decisions of the Supreme Court."
Moyle and Jim McGee represented
Stanford in the Extempore event,
and McGee participated in the
After Dinner Speaking competi
tion.
Kremer was a member of Stan
ford's winning team at the tourna
ment last year.
