# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
Is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
ENDS TONIGHT
"KINGS ROW"
with
ANN SHERIDAN
RONALD REACAN
BETTY FIELD
—also—
A PETE SIMTH SPECIAL
—Plus—
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SAT.—SUN.—MON.
RITA HAYWORTH
VICTOR MATURE
in
"MY GAL SAL"
—Plus—
'Desperate Chance
For Ellery Queen'
