# Farm Girl Made Naval Lieutenant
## 
### 
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
The first woman to be made a
lieutenant in the United States Navy
is a Stanford graduate, Frances Eliz
abeth Shoup. She is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Guy V. Shoup of Los
Altos.
In charge of the Los Angeles naval
procurement office, she will pass on
applications for enlistment in the
Navy's women's auxiliary reserve,
which will consist of 9,000 enlisted
personnel and 1,000 officers.
