# Marxes Star As Diplomats In Old Farce
## 
### 
The Marx Brothers' "Duck Soup"
will appear on Nancy Haskins' cam
pus movie series Sunday at 7:15 p.m.
in the Education Auditorium, and the
series will end a week from Sunday.
Twelve years ago this month
"Animal Crackers" made the Marx
Brothers an instantaneous sensation.
Two years later came "Horse Feath
ers," which was an even greater
success; "Duck Soup" followed a
year later enjoying the same popu
larity. After "A Night at the Opera"
and "A Day at the Races," the Marx
ian rage sharply declined.
UPROARIOUS JUMBLE
But that rage was at its height
with "Duck Soup," an uproarious
jumble of international politics,
wherein Groucho is dictator of Fe
donia, who while making love to and
insulting the richest lady in the na
tion, also does his best to start a
war with Sylvania. The Sylvanian
ambassador makes the blunder of
hiring Harpo and Chico as spies.
Then Groucho makes Harpo his
chauffeur, Chico his secretary of
war, and Zeppo (there were four
then) his private secretary. When
war finally comes, Groucho's army,
containing monkeys and elephants,
suffers an overwhelming defeat.
PROTEST TO MARXES
Not only were political disloca
tions caused in the picture, but the
mayor of Fedonia sent a protest to
the Marxes requesting them to with
draw the name of his town from the
film. "The name of Fedonia," he
said, "has been without blot since
1817." He failed to mention what the
blot of 1817 was. The Marxes wrote
back: "Your Excellency: Our advice
is for you to change the name of
your town. It is hurting our picture."
Admission is 20 cents.
