# BEGINNING OF END
## 
### 
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
Old-timers say that the beginning
of Stanford's downfall came in 1923
when transfers from Princeton im
ported knickers to wear instead of
cords and semester shirts.
