# Far Eastern Expert to Talk
## Quigley Will Appear On Tuesday Series 
### 
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
L)r. Hafold Scott Quigley, acting
professor of political science, will
,speak on "The Far East" for next
week's Tuesday Series program in
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Quigley has been a student of
.Far Eastern affairs for nearly 30
years, having lived in both China and
Japan and served as visiting profes
sor at Tsing Hua University in Pe
king from 1921 to 1923,
Noted as an author as well as a
lecturer. Dr. Quigley has written
"From Versailles to Locarno," "Chi
lese Politics Today," "Japanese Gov
ernment and Politics," and co-au
thored "The Far East." His latest
book, "Far Eastern War," deals with
Japanese advances in the Orient
r'rom 1937 up until the attack on
Pearl Harbor.
A professor at the University of
Minnesota during the regular school
year, Dr. Quigley received his Ph.D.
from Wisconsin, and had the added
distinction of being a Rhodes Scholar
from 1911 to 1914. He is offering two
jourses at Stanford this summer: "In
.ernational Organization" and "Re
cent International Relations in the
Far East."
