# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## HOSPITAL 
### 
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
William Cowan, Joseph Nicholson.
Miles Whitney Kresge Jr.. Jean Bal
lantyne.
