# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
clues
FROM
THE *
tiO fymorvj - Cblojik.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SCOTCH
To wear a Tartan
Authentic clan plaids
in Skirts and
Dresses
AT
tAz
520 Ramona
