# Lagunita To Hold Dedication Sunday
## 
### 
Celebrating the completion of the
new wings added this summer, La
gunita Court will hold its official
opening at a formal dinner at 6
o'clock next Sunday honoring archi
tects, decorators, and University
officials.
The two extra Casas, and
del Olivo, were provided for in the
original plans for the Court, and
consequently formal dedication was
postponed until they had been added.
Dr. and Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur
and Dean Mary Yost will be the
guests of honor. Invitations have
been sent to other administrative of
ficials, as well as to the architects
and decorators of the court and
heads of the A.S.S.U. activities.
Presidents of both men's and wom
en's halls are also expected to at
tend. Lois Persons is chairman of
the dinner committee.

SALINAS. Oct. 11 (U.R).â€”The Sa
linas Iceberg Packers came from
behind to defeat the Hollywood
Stars, 21-7, in the opening game of
the professional football season be
fore a crowd of 2500 persons here.
