# No Daily During Holiday Recess
## 
### 
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
The Daily will not publish on
Thursday and Friday, due to
Thanksgiving holidays. Groups
and organizations wishing to
place announcements or. notices
for meetings during the tuna
lion week end should turn them
in ;il The Daily no later than
p.m. Tuesday in order that
they may be included in Wed
nesday's paper.
