# CAN YOU YELL?
## 
### 
Yoll Leader "Sharkey" Gilroy
needs more rooters for the noise
gallery at the Big Game. Gilroy
has worked ont some fine stunts
for the Cardinal official fan section
at the Big Game, but he needs more
rubber-lungs to carry out his
ideas.
According to Gilroy, too many of
the boys are seeking tho bleachers
usually inhabited by those of tlie
fairer sex. More general tickets
than last year have been sold, but
the rooters' section lias shown no
increase in population.
Gilroy also wants the fans to
learn the new song in time for to
morrow's bleacher practice. The
new victory ditty has a catchy air
that is popular, but a number of
students have not learned the
words.
