# Cardinal and Barbs to Tangle in Soccer
## 
### 
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
With two more games scheduled be
fore the intercollegiate contest with
the University of California, the Card
inal varsity soccer team is tied with
the All-Stars for first place in the
University and Club Soccer Football
League, and stands a more than even
chance of winning the league series.
Of the two contests before the bis
game in the soccer world, the game
tomorrow will be staged at Oceansido.
in San Francisco, with the Barbarian
Club as opponents. The Allies, rep
resenting second string men from
Stanford and the University of
California, will form the opposition
for the Blue and Gold varsity at Berk
eley on Saturday. Stanford will furn
ish the forwards and California the
backs for the Allies.
