# FIFTY-THREE CHOSEN FOR REHEARSALS OF JUNIOR LIGHT OPERA
## 
### 
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
Fifty-three students have been se
lected by Warren D. Allen for the
preliminary rehearsal in the Junior
light opera which will be given spring
quarter.
The following undergraduates from
whom the cast and chorus will be
selected are: Donald 11. Alden, Fentou
A. Barrett, Baylor Brooks, Albert A.
Brouse, Carlton E. Byrne, Frank B.
Carroll, John B. Cowan, Adelbert N.
Culling, Charles A. Gimblett, Arthur
G. Holmes, Carroll E. Kiefer, C. A.
Kulmann, Thomas L. McClellan, A.
Hubbard Hoffitt, Charles L. Moore,
Bailey H. Newlee, David S. Painter,
Templeton Perk, Bradley B. Piaclicl,
Earl E. Reed, Nathan A. Rhine, Lowell
G. Roehr, Wilbur D. Russell, Clyde J.
Smith, Jr., John Y. Springer, and Rob
ert L. Wagner.
Edythe Allen, Margery Blackwelder,
Katherine Boynton, Sarah Margaret
Burns, Elizabeth Clark, Helen Dela
tour, Helena Duryea, Kathleen Fitz,
Virginia Fox, Dorothy Fordyce, Helen
Garrison, Carolyn Grossman, Verda
Hogan, Margaret Kalenborn, Ruth
Klette, Carol Lasater, Gladys McLeod,
Barbara Marx, Julia North, Margaret
Owen, Josephine Pigott, Katharine
Powell. Velma Randall, Clara Weather
wax, Elizabeth Wilbur, Mary Witten
berg, and Margaret Zimmerlin.
The students named above are asked
by Allen to appear at Room 84 Tues
day evening at 7:15 o'clock. There
after, until the end of the quarter,
separate rehearsals will be held for
men and women. Full instructions will
be given to those named, and rehears
als will be held for those wishing to
continue further tryouts for solo parts.
The following students, not yet hav
ing completed all of the tryout re
quirements to date, must see Allen
before this rehearsal Tuesday eve
ning: Alonzo B. Cass, Wallis E. Gal
lagher, Walter E. Read, John B.
Rogers. Jr., David J. Stollery, Jr., Rus
sell S. Waite, Edwin A. Watkins, War
den E. Wall, Garth D. Winslow, Bab
ette Bailey, Aileen Brown, Carol Gray,
Eleanor Patten, Ruth Siliman, Marga
ret Waite, and Alberta Yearian.
