# Quarterback Sets Variety Record for Plays Called
## 
### 
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
Calling an assortment of twenty-six
formations in thirty-two scrimmages
was the feat accomplished by Ralph
"Moon" Baker, captain and quarter
back of the Northwestern football
team, in the game with Chicago," says
Coach Thistlewaite. He considers
Baker's feat as one of the cleverest
bits of generalship ever exhibited on
a football field.
Baker has played for three years on
the Northwestern team. This is his
last year to pilot the Purple.
