# Will Address Women.
## 
### 
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
Miss Edith Parsons, '03, will ad
dress the women of the University
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
University chapel. Her subject
will be "lleality, a prime requi
site."
