# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
INDIANS
a
«
R
I
i
0
! m
■
■
s
Should you be rela
tively new on campus,
as surely some have to
be, you may have
heard a cryptic refer
ence to R/A S C, and
perhaps wondered the
significance. Wonder
no more. This, friend,
stands for Roos At
kins Super Charge—
a handy plan where
by you can augment
your wardrobe now,
when you want to,
and pay the balance
over a long time in
friendly installments.
Easy does if, with R A
S/C. Just bring your
self and your reg card
in—like today, eh?
a
B
• ESs&ESm
