# Freshmen Finish Against Santa Clara, SU Braves
## 
### MARSHALL COOK 
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
Stanford’s freshman basketball
team carries a nine and five won
lost record into their last week
end of play, facing Santa Clara
Friday night and the Stanford
.TV’s Saturday. Friday’s game is
being played in San Jose, but
Saturday’s tilt is an 8 p.m. main
event in the Stanford Pavilion.
The Indians have met and beat
en both their weekend opponents
previously this season. Early in
the season the Tribe trounced
Santa Clara by a 75-55 margin,
led by Skip Hutchison’s 22 points
and Bob Bedell’s 16 markers.
With Ray Kosanke back in the
starting lineup. Stanford figures
to have an even bigger advantage
this time. Santa Clara’s hopes for
an upset revolve around the play
of front-liners Mike Unrein and
Tom Bender and guard Walt Car
dinal.

Saturday’s contest is a rematch
of the frosh’s 58-32 victory over
Ihe JV’s last week. The JV squad
has some fine individual players,
including center John Murray,
who played with the varsity earli
er this season, but lacks the co
hesion that comes only from play
ing as a team for a long time. In
their effort last week the JV’s
were led by the scoring of Rod
Young and Mike Preisler.
