# Teller, French Attache To Give Speeches Here
## 
### 
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
Dr. Edward Teller, who has
been called Ihc “father of the H
bomh.” and M. Michael Sciama.
French cultural attache, will
speak here today and tomorrow.
Teller will speak on “The Peace
ful Uses of Nuclear Energy” this
afternoon at 4:30 in Dinkelspiel.
He will he jointly sponsored by
the Hoover Institution and the
Food and Research Institute.
Teller is presently a professor
at-large of physics at the Univer
sity of California. From 1938 to
1960 he was director of the Liver
more Laboratory and is doing re
search on the peaceful applica
tions of nuclear energy.
Sciama will speak tomorrow
afternoon at 4:15 in Tresidder on
“Le Nouveau Roman.” He will be
sponsored by Le Cercle Francais,
and the talk will be open to the
public.
