# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
A Cordovan "Beauty"
Here is one of the smartest cordovan shoes
made. A topnotcher for style, good looks, com
fort and WEAR.
It is a HIGH BROGUE, made of a specially high
grade cordovan. The Price is one you have been
waiting for.
