# Euphronia Will Discuss Death of MacSwiney
## 
### 
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
At the regular weekly meeting to
night. in Room 50 of the Education
building, an impromptu discussion will
be held to thrash out the puzzling
question, of "Why Did Mayor Mac-
Swiney Kill Himself." A short time
ago the country was greatly excited
over the seventy-day fast of the in
domitable mayor and it has been a
matter of diversity in opinion whether
the death of this Irish patriot gave
any material assistance to his cause.
