# LYNN C. SIMPSON TO ADDRESS JOURNALISTS
## 
### 
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
Lynn C. Simpson will speak tonight to
all members of the Stanford community
who are interested in the newspaper at
an open meeting of the American Jour
nalists' Association to be held in the
Stanford Inn at 6:15 o'clock. The meet
ing will lie held in one of the small
private dining rooms of the Inn, but the
executive committee has announced that
there will be room for a few who failed
to turn in their names before noon to
day. The admission will be 25 cents.
Since he is anxious himself for the
future of journalism, Simpson's talk will
be of interest to any persons who plan
to be connected in any way with the
profession. He has bad an extensive
career on California newspapers and is
at present on the night copy desk of the
San Francisco Examiner. The talk will
be informal and will lie followed by a
general discussion.
