# SANTA CLARA PREPS TO MEET BABE NINE IN GAME TOMORROW
## 
### 
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
Santa Clara Prep is scheduled to
provide opposition for the 1926 dia
mond squad on the freshman field to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, and
Coach Hunt is trying to figure out
which of his problems he should tackle
first. The interclass which tax
his team fully as much as an engage
ment with an outside club, seem to be
driving the babes into a slump, and
Hunt is having more trouble all the
time in putting a line-up on the field.
Ditzler is still on the semi-invalid
list and will not be able to get bfeck
his form for a week at the least. This
leaves Nevers and Oviatt (to twirl
hree games a week between them, and
one game each week is plenty for a
freshman pitcher. Oviatt was on duty
for the greater part of the Junior-
Freshman game yesterday, so it is
probable that Nevers will be called on
for his consecutive regular contest.
Kohler has been nursing a game
hand ever since the interclass contest
with 1925 last week, and the catching
job lies between McDermont and
Meiklejohn. "Meik" was brought up in
center field and has some difficulty in
adapting himself to the iron cage,
while McDermont's work lacks the fin
ish that Kohler has attained.
The effort to play two schedules
simultaneously has made practically
the entire yearling squad overworked
and weary, and no blame must be laid
upon them until they regain their
proper position. Hunt has barely
enough material to carry on under
ordinary circumstances, and the pres
ent batting and fielding slump is prob
ably due to the fact that the regulars
have been overtaxed.
