# Brandsten Conditioning Men for California Games
## 
### 
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
Although favored to defeat the Cali
fornia varsity and freshman water
polo sevens by a comfortable margin,
Coach Ernie Brandsten is taking no
chances of finding his men out of con
dition when the teams line up to play
Saturday in the Olympic Club tank.
Consequently he is puttin ghis men
through strenuous practice every af
ternoon, so that they can last the en
tire route.
On Wednesday the entire squad of
players will journey to the San Fran-;
cisco pool for the last thorough work
out before the game. This will enable
ihem to become used to the playing
conditions which they will face 011
Saturday.
There are but few comparative
scores by which to judge the Stanford
and California varsities. The Cardinal
freshmen trimmed the Neptune Ath-i
letic Club paddlers' 18-1, while the
California varsity gained but a 10-0
win from the same aggregation.
