# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
THE
PINE TREE CAFE
"Home of O'd-Fashioncd
ulinary Ar«\"
3001 El Camino Real
Come on down and enjoy
the soft candlelight, music,
and courteous service.
Prices are RIGHT
$1.95 pays for a complete
dinner prepared by that
world famous chef, Herman
Schneider —formerly of the
Domino Club in San Fran
cisco.
Location • El Camino at the
Redwood City-Atherton line
