# ANDERSON TO TESTIFY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11 (UP).—
Secretary of Agriculture Anderson
will testify on prices and food sup
plies before a Senate committee.
