# Paly High Boy Hurt on Farm
## 
### 
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
One Palo Alto High School stu
dent was injured Friday night when
the car in which he and four other
high school students were riding
turned over on the Stanford cam
pus, according U> Police Chief
Gordon Davis.
The five high school students had
been skidding on the practice foot
ball field near the sunken diamond
and on the women's hockey field
near the north end of the women's
gym.
The car skidded and turned over,
causing one of the occupants a pos
sible broken shoulder and ribs.
