# Library Features Printing Display
## 
### 
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
A leaf from the famous Guten
berg Bible is one of the exhibits on
display starting today in the main
corridor of the Library as part of
the observance of National Printing
Week.
Another feature of the display
depicting the history of printing
from the 15th to the 20th century is
the "grandfather" of all portable
presses, the Lowe press. This press,
invented in 1850 and used in the
field during the Civil War, is one of
the smallest portable presses ever
manufactured.
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, an
nounced that another showcase will
exhibit work ranging from that of
Colonial printers down io present
day masters.
All of the typographical displays
are from the Albert M. Bender col -
lection, given to Stanford in 1941,
which contains some of the finest
examples of book printing in exist
ence. The Lowe press was loaned
to Stanford by Jonathan Elkus, Bay
Area printer.
At 5 p.m. tomorrow in the Cub
berley Auditorium Mr. Bean will
present a moving picture, "The
Making of Books," produced by the
Encyclopaedia Britannica Corpora
tion. Students, faculty, and the
public arc invited.
