# 'Phaedra' Tryouts To Open Tonight
## 
### 
Tryouts for the production of the
speech and drama department's
play-reading of Jean Racine's neo
classical tragedy, "Phaedra," are
scheduled for tonight at 7:30 in
room 205 of Memorial Hall, an
nounced Nancy Mac Naught, student
director of the speech and drama
department.
The reading, which is to be par
tially staged with careful attention
given to detail of costume and cer
tain technical aspects, will be pre
sented in the Little Theater on Jan.
21. The play has eight reading parts,
three for men and five for women,
and candidates need not be in the
department to be eligible for the
various roles.
Tickets for the performance will
not have an advance sale, but will
be sold at the box office on the
night of the reading.
