# U.S. Planes Bomb Misburg Refinery
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
LONDON, Nov. 26 (U.R)—Close to
20,00 American bombers and fighters
blasted the vital Misburg oil refin
ery and other targets in western
Germany today, shooting down at
least 122 enemy fighters in blazing
sky battles that cost the raiding
force 37 bombers and 13 fighters.
Escorting figfters accounted for
110 enemy planes as the Luftwaffe
challenged the raiders in the third
major air battle over vital German
oil production centers this month.
Bomber gunners shot down 12 more,
while seven were destroyed on the
ground for a grand total of 129 Ger
man planes.
