# GERMANY RESENTS U.S.
## LOSS TO THE TEUTON NAVY NOW APPEARS GREATER 
### 
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Today's official
German statement claims the destruc
tion of a British battle cruiser in yes
terday's engagement. The loss of the
German* cruiser Blucher is admitted,
but it is declared that the other war
riors returned to thei.v base without
suffering material damage. The Teu
ton ships engaged were the battle
cruisers Derfflinger, Seydlitz, Moltke,
and Blucher, four small cruisers and
two torpedo flotillas. The British
fleet was composed of five battle cruis
ers, several smalle.r ones and twenty
six destroyers. The British, upon
sighting the Germans, closed in. The
Germans, realizing the overwhelming
superiority of their foe, fled. Then
ensued a running battle of three hours'
duration.
Hollanders Sight Damaged Cruiser.
LONDON, Jan. 25. —Dutch repol'ts
declare that a four-funneled cruiser
of the type of the Strassburg and Roon
has been sighted in a slightly damaged
condition off the coast of Holland.
This strengthens the growing convic
tion that the German losses in yes
terday's battle were even greater than
were indicated in the statement of the
admiralty. England now demands that
"the German navy be wiped out."
