# Thaw Ordered to the Tombs.
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Justice Davis
denied the request of Jerome that
Thaw be returned to Matteawan, pend
ing his trial for conspiracy, and or
dered that he continue in the Tombs.
