# Stanford Man Now Professor in Ohio.
## 
### 
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
S. W. Brown, '07, was recently ap
pointed professor of school adminis
tration at the State University of Oh'o.
'Io formerly held a position on the
faculty of the San Francisco State
Normal School.
