# Panel to Discuss Mid East Affairs
## 
### 
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
"Israel, Suez and the Middle
East" will he the topic of a cur
rent affairs panel to be held at
El Tigre this evening at 6:45.
Two American students and
three foreign students will dis
cuss the problems of the Middle
East situation and possible solu
tions. The members are Tony
Springer, moderator, Guy Crou
zillard, Mohammed Sheriff, Bob
Gottwald and George Chester.
Admission is free, and the pub
lic has been invited to attend.
