# Modesto Outlasts Frosh Trackmen
## 
### 
Boh Martin won hoth hurdles
races, but Stanford's frosh didn't
get much more as they lost a tri
angular meet to Modesto JC,
7614-49. Santa Rosa JC was third
with 36% points. Martin's win
ning times were 15.4 and 25.9.
Brian Matrevers, a Modesto dis
tance ace from England, stole ihe
show with a 9:34.6 two-mile vic
tory as he beat the varsity com
petitors, who were in the same
race. Other frosh winners were
Craig Bushman in the javelin and
Brooks Townsend in the broad
jump.
Bushman got off a throw of
176-11. and Townsend jumped 20-
11 "s. Jeff Beabier and Bob Atkin
son both were scratched due to
leg injuries. Keith Wallace re
turned to action, but lost to Ma
trevers in a 4:23.4 mile.
