# Golfers Still Idle
## 
### 
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
Even a week of dry weather
didn't, allow the Stanford golf
course to open for l<S-hole play
over the week end. As a result,
frosh and varsity golf matches
scheduled for Friday and Satur
day were canceled.
