# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Rodda (6-0, 185-pound junior
from San Jose) moves into the
regular center field spot this
week and perhaps next due to
the injury to Parker Olsen. Did
all his playing for the Braves
last year. Should strengthen
defense considerably, but hit
ting is big question mark. Prob
ably the fastest outfielder on
the club. Major: Architecture.

DeFabio (5-11, 188-pound jun
ior from Richmond) is in his
second year as starting right
fielder. Hit .314, best among
the regulars in '57. Doesn't
cover a great amount of terri
tory, but reliable on anything
within his range. Was charged
with no errors last season.
Bats in the number six spot.
Major: Economics.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


HARRY RODDA
Baseball


RICH DEFABIO
Baseball
