# Barge for Women's Crew
## 
### 
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
Members of the Women's Athletic
Association appointed a committee to
investigate prices for a barge, which
they are planning to purchase for the
women's crew at a meeting held last
evening in the clubhouse. Financial
reports and plans for Quad pictures
were also brought before the meeting.
It was decided to have pictures of the
W. A. A., tennis, fencing, and base
ball teams in the Quad.
