# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the conclusion of the game on
Saturday the Yell-Leader had consid
erable difliculty in holding the root
ing section on the bleachers until the
singing of "I-lail, Stanford, Hail."
During the song a number of the
spectators, including a large per
centage of students, left the bleach
ers creating a disturbance which ser
iously marred the impressive effects
of the Stanford anthem. The same
failure to observe the proper respect
for the singing of this song has been
evidenced at nearly every game this
semester.
It should not be necessary to re
mind the members of the University
community, whether undergraduates
or others, that the traditions of sev
eral generations of Stanford students
have surrounded this anthem with a
sentiment of reverence, making it
expressive of their deepest regard for
all that is implied in the name of Stan
ford. And there should be no decline
in this spirit of respect. Few can not
spare the few moments occupied in
singing this song at the close of a
contest and no one should tail to keep
his place on the bleachers until the
close. Loyalty to one of the finest
expressions of Stanford sentiment
should compel this simple act of re
spect.
