# Zoology Club Elects Officers.
## 
### 
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
At the last meeting of the Zoology
Club, \V. H. Rich, '09, was elected
president and J. S. Dixon, '11, secre
tary-treasurer.
