# VANDERBILT NURSES
## 
### 
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
According to "The Vanderbilt
Hustler," every member of the 1943
graduating class of the Vanderbilt
University School of Nursing has
volunteered for service with the
armed forces.
