# RED ARMY CAPTURES VITAL AXIS BASE
## 
### 
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
LONDON, April 1, (U.R) — Red
Army troops, resuming their Kuban
River offensives since the swampy
terrain along the streams has dried,
have captured a base of the utmost
importance to the remnants of the
Axis-Caucasus army holding the
Noborissisk bridgehead, Russia an
nounced today.
Advancing 11 miles, the Russians
captured heavily defended Anas
tasevskaya. the Russian communique
announced.
Germany has reported, in an es
pecial trans-ocean agency broadcast,
that in the Kuban area the terrain
was beginning to dry and that the
Russians had started to intensify
their offensives.
In talcing Anastasevskaya the Red
Army reached a point 38 miles north
of Noborissisk and only 12 miles
northeast of Verenikovskaya, the last
main highway which joins the Ger
mans north and south of the Kuban.
Capture of Verenitkovskaya would
permit the Russians to attack at
their leisure the German forces in
the Noborissisk, south of the Kuban
and in the Temryuk area north of it.
