# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.

TWO HEADS—Two native heads are better than one to balance metal strip used in the
construction of new mile-long Allied air runway near Dakar, French West Africa. Other
strips are in position.
