# DEBATE
## Norm Philbrick Is New Coach 
### 
Mr. Norman Philbrick, instructor
in the speech and drama depart
ment, will take over the position
vacated by James Kessler, freshman
debate coach, who was recently
called to the Army.
Mr. Philbrick will work with
Professor Emerson in the debate de
partment, and besides coaching
freshman debate will teach several
of the speech classes which were
formerly taught by Dr. Chapin, de
partment member who was called
to the Navy early last quarter.
Mr. Philbrick received his Ph.D.
degree at Stanford, became a mem
ber of the English department of
Pomona College, and later was
drama director at Scripps College.
While at Stanford he has partici
pated in and directed several Stan
; lord Players productions, and was
! the author of "The Winds of Free
dom," a masque presented last year
at the Stanford Fiftieth Anniver
sary Celebration held in San Fran
! cisco.
